QUAQUA,
COME TO OUR PRESENTERS AND
WELCOME TO TODAY'S MEETING I
WOULD LIKE TO CALL TODAY'S
MEETING TO ORDER AT 4:00 P.M.
EASTERN TIME.
>> THANK YOU ALL FOR BEING HERE
THIS AFTERNOON KENNEDY WILL GO
ROUND FOR ROLL CALL THIS
AFTERNOON AS SOON AS YOUR NAME
IS CALLED PLEASE RESPON AND
UNMUTED SAY YOUR NAME POSITION
AND WHERE YOU'RE COMING FROM
THIS AFTERNOON KENNEDY.
>> JUST ONE SECOND.
>> I'M STILL ALLOWING SOME
ATTENDEES AND THANK YOU.
NO PROBLEM
.
BUT WITH THAT FOLKS JUST WANT
TO REMIND EVERYONE THAT TODAY'S
MEETING IS GOING TO BE
BROADCAST LIVE ON AND CABLE
CHANNEL 16 AT&T CHANNEL NINETY
NINE AND ONLINE AT EIGHT TO
GARGASH WATCH CTM AND TO SPEAK
IN PUBLIC COMMENT TODAY PLEASE
CALL TOLL FREE EIGHT SEVEN
SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO
FOUR SEVEN OR EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT
SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT ZERO ZERO
NINE NINE AN INTERMEETING NINE
ONE NINE EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE
ONE FOUR FIVE FIVE
DAMON YES.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
THIS IS ZACH DAMON, CHAIRMAN
OF THE COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES COMING TO YOU FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
WASHTENAW COUNTY VICE CHAIR
KAYLA RUSSELL, VICE CHAIR
KILLER CALLING FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN WARD FIVE COMMISSIONER
MUSAC.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
THIS IS KATHLEEN MUSAK
COMMISSIONER CALLING IN FROM
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE, THIS
IS ALEX GOSSAGE, COMMISSIONER
COMING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
COMMISSIONER HOPKINS
COMMISSIONER KAMRA HI HONOKAA
CONRADE FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
>> COMMISSIONER AND GUNBOWER
COMMISSIONER PACKARD
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
, WE HAVE A
KORNIENKO THANK YOU AND COUNCIL
MEMBER AS EDWIN IS IN THE
WAITING ROOM, KENNEDY I'M
THINGS THIS IS COUNCIL MEMBER
ISHIGAKI EDWARD CALLING IN FROM
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU EVERYONE.
I NEXT WE HAVE PUBLIC COMMENT
KENNEDY IS THERE ANY ONE ON FOR
PUBLIC COMMENT THIS AFTERNOON
AT THIS TIME?
IS THERE ANYONE ON FOR PUBLIC
COMMENT SEEING NONE.
>> WE HAVE NO PUBLIC COMMENT.
THANK YOU.
NO PUBLIC COMMENT.
MOVING ON TO TODAY'S APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA.
I HAVE NO EDITS OR AMENDMENTS.
>> IS THERE A MOTION TO APPROVE
TODAY'S AGENDA?
I APPROVE THIS IS TO APPROVE
ALL SECOND.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
TODAY'S AGENDA.
PLEASE UNMUTED IF YOU ARE A
COMMISSIONER AND SAY HI, I
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
TODAY'S AGENDA IS APPROVED.
NEXT WE HAVE THE APPROVAL
OF THE MEETING MINUTES OF FROM
MAY TWENTY ONE ALL OF YOU WHO
RECEIVED ALL COMMISSIONERS
RATHER WHO RECEIVED THE AGENDA
ELECTRONICALLY.
I SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED THAT AND
THE MINUTES WERE ADDED INTO
THAT AGENDA IF THERE IS NO
ADDITIONAL ITEMS FOR THE
MEETING MINUTES THIS TIME IS
THEIR MOTION TO APPROVE THE
MEETING MINUTES OR MAY.
>> TWENTY ONE.
THIS IS KATHLEEN.
OUR MOTION TO APPROVE THE
MINUTES.
ALL RIGHT, LARRY.
SECOND THANK YOU ALL IN FAVOR
OF APPROVING THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM MAY TWENTY ONE
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE PLEASE
UNMUTED IF YOU ARE A
COMMISSIONER AND SAY I I I I
THANK YOU.
THE MEETING MINUTES ARE
APPROVED.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT BE MOVED DOWN TO THE CITY
PERSONNEL REPORT WITH KENNEDY
KENNEDY.
HI EVERYONE.
NO UPDATE OR REPORT TODAY.
I KNOW WE'RE GETTING READY TO
GO ON SUMMER RECESS.
SO IF ANY OF YOU ALL HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS OR NEED ANYTHING,
FEEL FREE TO REACH OUT FOR ME
AND THAT'S ALL I HAVE.
>> THANK YOU, KENNEDY.
DO APPRECIATE YOUR EFFORTS WITH
US.
NEXT WE HAVE THE CITY COUNCIL
OF UPDATE WITH COUNCIL MEMBER
AISHA GARTSIDE, COUNCIL MEMBER
OF THE FLOOR IS YOURS.
>> HI ZACH.
THANKS SO MUCH.
A FEW UPDATES.
YOU KNOW I HAVE TALKED TO
COMMISSIONER ALEX GOSSAGE ABOUT
THE HOUSING LOSS DATABASE AND I
THINK THAT THAT IS SOMETHING
THAT KODAI HAS REALLY BEEN
WANTING AND I'M YOU KNOW, I
UNDERSTAND THAT YOU GUYS
RECEIVED A PRESENTATION DURING
THE LAST MEETING THAT
UNFORTUNATELY I COULDN'T ATTEND
DUE TO BEING SICK.
BUT I THINK THAT IT IS WORTH US
TALKING TO CITY STAFF ABOUT THE
POSSIBILITY OF GETTING THOSE
CONVERSATIONS STARTED AGAIN,
WHICH ALEX AND I WILL BEGIN TO
ENGAGE WITH AND WE WILL PROVIDE
YOU ALL WITH AN UPDATE.
>> IN ADDITION, YOU KNOW, I'VE
HEARD SOME FEEDBACK FROM
COMMISSIONER ONAGA JUST ABOUT
THE INACCESSIBLE KIND OF THE
MISSING ACCESSIBILITY FEATURES
OF THE PLAN AND I THINK THAT IS
AN IMPORTANT ISSUE AND AS THE
COMPLETIVE FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO
DON'T KNOW IT'S A IT'S A
VISITING DOCUMENT FOR THE CITY
IN REGARDS TO POTENTIAL ZONING
AND PLANNING CHANGES.
BUT IT DOESN'T CHANGE ZONING IN
ABOUT ITSELF.
BUT ACCESSIBILITY TO BE
INCORPORATED INTO IT IS
IMPORTANT AND THAT'S SOMETHING
THAT I HOPE TO BRING UP TO
PLANNING STAFF.
I'VE GOTTEN SOME INPUT FROM
ONAGA AND THE REST OF YOU HAVE
ANY INPUT PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
EMAIL ME AND I CAN PASS IT
ALONG AND THEN I REACHED OUT TO
NEW PUBLIC SERVICE DIRECTOR
JORDAN ROBERTS TODAY AND ASKED
IF HE WOULD BE WILLING TO COME
TO A FUTURE MEETING AND BOTH
PROVIDE A PRESENTATION FOR THE
GOALS OF PUBLIC WORKS BUT ALSO
TO HEAR OUT SOME OF OUR
CONCERNS AROUND INACCESSIBLE
INFRASTRUCTURE INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO LACK OF KIND
OF ADEQUATE SNOW REMOVAL ON
SIDEWALKS.
>> SO THOSE ARE SOME UPDATES.
THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBER.
I MEAN EVEN THOUGH IT'S GOING
TO BE GETTING PRETTY HOT HERE
THROUGHOUT THE SUMMER, YOU KNOW
,SNOW IS DEFINITELY SOMETHING
THAT WE NEED TO KEEP ON OUR
FOREFRONT OF THOUGHT AS WE GET
INTO THE FALL AND WINTER.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR
THAT.
AND IF YOU DO HEAR ANYTHING
ABOUT LIKE THE SNOWBOARDING
PROGRAM OR ANY SNOW REMOVAL
PROGRAM AS WELL, PLEASE FEEL
FREE TO KEEP US INFORMED.
>> YEAH, SNOWBOARDING IS A
VOLUNTEER BASED AND RUN PROGRAM
AND SO THE ISSUE WITH THAT
ACCESSIBILITY ISN'T GUARANTEED,
RIGHT?
LIKE ACCOMMODATIONS OR
ASSISTANCE BASED UPON
AVAILABILITY OF VOLUNTEERS
WHETHER OR NOT PEOPLE
PARTICIPATE AND THAT IS NOT
REALLY ACCEPTABLE IN MY OPINION
.
AND FROM WHAT I LEARNED LAST
YEAR FROM TALKING TO PUBLIC
WORKS ABOUT SNOW REMOVAL IS
THAT CONVERSATIONS AND IDEAS
HAVE TO START EARLIER THAN THE
BUDGET SEASON WHICH NOW WILL BE
NEXT APRIL.
SO YOU KNOW US TALKING ABOUT
THIS WITH THEM AND THEN
THINKING ABOUT BUDGET
ALLOCATION IS THAT COULD BE
PROPOSED NEXT YEAR AND THEN
ALSO PROPOSING INITIATIVES THAT
COULD GET STARTED THIS WINTER I
THINK IS IMPORTANT.
AGREED.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> APPRECIATE THAT.
YEAH.
THANK YOU LARRY.
DID YOU HAVE A COMMENT?
I DID.
WE'VE TRIED THIS NOBODY'S
BEFORE AND SINCE OUR VOLUNTEER
IN LOCAL NEIGHBORHOODS ARE ALSO
KIND OF HARD TO COORDINATE FOR
A CITY WIDE RIGHT, CLEVELAND?
YEAH, EQUIPMENT IS DEFINITELY
BETTER OR IT'S DONATED BY
CHEAPER OR SOMETHING.
>> SO THEY DO THEIR
NEIGHBORHOODS AND THEY GET
DIFFICULT BECAUSE OF THE THAT
THAT THE VOLUNTEER BASIS OF THE
PROGRAM.
>> RIGHT, RIGHT.
YEAH.
THAT'S SOMETHING THAT I'VE
HEARD AND I THINK FUNDAMENTALLY
THE CITY PUT MONEY BEHIND IT AN
INITIATIVE LIKE THIS AND ALSO
IT NEEDS TO BE IN ADDITION TO
HAVE MAYBE A SPECIALIZED, YOU
KNOW, TASK FORCE INITIATIVE
THAT MIGHT HELP RESIDENTS WITH
DISABILITIES WITH CLEARING.
I THINK THEY'RE ALSO JUST
WIDESPREAD NEEDS TO BE MORE
ADEQUATE CLEARING IN GENERAL.
SO IT'S SOMETHING THAT WE
SHOULD TALK ABOUT WITH HIM AS
WELL SIDEWALK APPS AND OTHER,
YOU KNOW, ACCESS CONCERNS THAT
WE HAVE WHEN HE WHEN HE
ATTENDS.
>> SO WE'LL KEEP YOU UPDATED
WHEN I RECEIVE EMAIL BACK FROM
HIM.
THANK YOU.
ABSOLUTELY.
COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ, YOU HAVE
A COMMENT?
>> I ACTUALLY DO AS WE'RE
MOVING FORWARD COUNCIL MEMBER
I'M THINKING HOW CAN WE ALSO
PARTNER WITH A SENIOR COMMUNITY
THINK THAT COMPARING OUR VOICES
TOGETHER WOULD GIVE US A
STRONGER BASE OF SUPPORT
THROUGH?
YEAH, I THINK THERE'S LIKE A
VARIETY OF WAYS THAT WE CAN
ADVOCATE FOR THE SENIOR
COMMUNITY.
I KNOW THAT YOUR ORGANIZATION
IS RECEIVING FUNDING FROM
MEDICAID WHICH IS VERY HOT SO
WE CAN HOPE THAT YOU'LL STILL
RECEIVE IT FOR A NURSING HOME
DIVERSION PROGRAM.
I THINK THAT US TALKING ABOUT
WITH THE CITY ABOUT LIKE
ALARMING RISE IN HOUSING AND
SECURITY HOMELESSNESS OF OLDER
ADULTS IS SOMETHING THAT HAS TO
BE A CONTINUED PRIORITY AND
THAT'S ALSO A CONVERSATION WE
SHOULD HAVE WITH THE COUNTY
RIGHT BECAUSE THE BIGGEST
DEMOGRAPHIC INCREASE IN
HOMELESSNESS RIGHT NOW WAS
AMONG PEOPLE OVER 50.
SO HOW WERE THEY DOING OUTREACH
HOW A STREET OUTREACH CHANGING
OUR DIVERSION PROGRAMS, ALL
OF THAT LONG TERM CARE FACILITY
,ARE THEY ACCESSIBLE?
SO I THINK THAT'S A REALLY GOOD
POINT, KATHLEEN.
AND I THINK THAT WE SHOULD HAVE
A BROADER CONVERSATION ABOUT
OLDER ADULTS RELATED TO ALL
THESE DIFFERENT SERVICES AREAS
RIGHT NOW BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU WANT TO ADD ANYTHING OR
ANYONE ELSE.
THIS IS ALEX I.
I THINK IT WOULD BE GREAT TO
PARTNER WITH THE MORE
COMMUNITIES THAT WE CAN PARTNER
WITH THE BETTER.
AND THIS IS A PRETTY I THINK
THE ASIAN COMMUNITY IS A PRETTY
NATURAL PARTNER IN SO MANY
DIFFERENT WAYS SIMILAR NEEDS,
SIMILAR ONES SIMILAR THOUGH.
SO I THINK IT'S A GREAT IDEA
AND I WOULD DEFINITELY AGREE
AND I THINK THERE'S A LOT
OF GROUPS OUT THERE WHO WOULD
BE MORE THAN HAPPY TO CONNECT
AND COLLABORATE ON COMMON
AGREED A GREAT EVERYONE, THANK
YOU VERY MUCH.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT AND THOSE
EFFORTS AND YEAH.
COUNCIL MEMBER PLEASE KEEP US
UPDATED.
>> OF COURSE.
THANK YOU.
THANK.
NEXT WE'RE MOVING ON TO SORT
THE FUN PORTION OF OUR AGENDA
TODAY.
SPECIAL PRESENTER IT'S ALWAYS A
FUN PART OF OUR DAY AND YOU
GUYS I AM SO EXCITED BECAUSE WE
HAVE, YOU KNOW, SOME BIG TIMERS
IN THE HOUSE THIS AFTERNOON.
SO I WANT TO INTRODUCE MR.
PIERRE-PAUL AND DR. BETHANY
COREY VERY EXCITED TO HAVE THEM
BOTH.
THEY BOTH WORK WITH A COMPANY
CALLED WE HEAR YOU WHICH IS
AMAZING WORK ON IT TOGETHER.
BUT I AM NOT GOING TO STEAL
THEIR THUNDER SO PURE.
BETHANY, WELCOME AND THANK YOU
BEING BEING ON THIS AFTERNOON.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU SO, SO MUCH FOR
HAVING US.
VERY HONORED TO BE HERE.
I HAVE A QUICK PRESENTATION TO
KIND OF DESCRIBE THE WORK THAT
WE DO IT WE HEAR YOU OPEN UP TO
QUESTIONS AND CONVERSATIONS BUT
I THINK BASED OFF OF EVEN JUST
WHAT I HEARD I LOVE THE FACT
THAT THE FOCAL POINT IS THE
BEST WAY TO WORK IN TANDEM TO
HELP ALL INDIVIDUALS,
SPECIFICALLY THOSE WITH VARIOUS
DISABILITIES.
SO MY NAME IS PIERRE-PAUL AND I
AM THE CO-FOUNDER AND CEO OF A
COMPANY CALLED WE HEAR YOU AND
WHAT WE DO IS OPEN DOORS.
WE'RE OPENING DOORS TO
OPPORTUNITIES, DOORS TO FREEDOM
AND AS YOU CAN IMAGINE THE
LITERAL DOORS THAT WE WOULD
NOODLE THROUGH EVERY SINGLE DAY
.
SO ON THE SCREEN RIGHT NOW YOU
SEE THREE UNIQUE INDIVIDUALS
ZIPPI RYAN AND MIGRANTE AMY AND
WHILE THEY ARE ALL DIFFERENT
AND LIVE IN DIFFERENT PLACES,
THEY HAVE SOME SIMILARITIES AND
SIMILARITIES THAT THEY STRUGGLE
TO OPEN DOORS FOR ONE REASON OR
ANOTHER.
ZIPPY WAS BORN WITH A RARE
CONDITION THAT MAKES HIS LIMBS
TURN INWARD.
RYAN WAS BORN WITHOUT ARMS OR
LEGS AND MY GRANNY IS PUSHING
94 YEARS OLD AND DOORS ARE
SOMETIMES HEAVY AND SO THESE
THREE INDIVIDUALS MAKE UP JUST
A PORTION OF THE ONE POINT
THREE BILLION PEOPLE WORLDWIDE
WHO STRUGGLE TO OPEN DOORS
THERE OVER FORTY 42 BILLION
DOORS AROUND THE WORLD AND LESS
THAN FIVE PERCENT OF THEM ARE
AUTOMATIC.
AND SO THE REASON THAT THIS IS
IS HEAVILY BECAUSE OF HOW
EXPENSIVE IT IS TO MAKE A DOOR
AUTOMATIC.
THE INFRASTRUCTURE THAT IT
REQUIRES TO MAKE A DOOR
AUTOMATIC AND THE REGULATIONS
SURROUNDING IT.
SO WE WANTED TO SOLVE THIS
PROBLEM AND WE CREATED A DEVICE
CALLED THE HERO DOOR OPENER.
THE HERO DOOR OPENER IS
CURRENTLY THE LIGHTEST
AUTOMATIC DOOR SYSTEM IN THE
WORLD AT ABOUT FIVE POINT EIGHT
POUNDS AND IT HAS THE POWER TO
MAKE VIRTUALLY ANY DOOR
AUTOMATIC IN LESS THAN FIFTEEN
MINUTES.
OUR DEVICE DOESN'T FUNCTION
THROUGH HARD WIRING SO IT'S
PERFECT FOR HISTORIC BUILDINGS
AND IT WORKS WITH A PLETHORA
OF DIFFERENT OPTIONS.
>> LIKE ALL GOOD HEROES YOU
NEED A FEW SIDEKICK'S SO WE
MADE SURE THAT THE HERO COULD
BE OPENED USING VOICE
ACTIVATION ON A PHONE USING A
KEY FOB THAT CAN EITHER ATTACH
TO AN INDIVIDUAL'S MOBILITY
DEVICE OR JUST BE PLACED ON
THEIR KEYS AND IT STILL WORKS
WITH THE CONVENTION OR WALL
BUTTON.
THE VIDEO THAT YOU'RE SEEING ON
SCREEN NOW IS OF ZIPPI WITH ONE
OF OUR MODEL TWO VERSIONS
OF THE HERO WE PLACED THE HERO
ON HIS BACK PATIO DOOR.
HE PUT A FOB ON HIS CHAIR AND
THIS VIDEO SHOWCASED A ZIPPY
OPENING A DOOR FOR HIMSELF FOR
THE FIRST TIME.
AND THIS IS THE BEAUTY
OF ACCESSIBILITY, RIGHT?
A DEVICE THAT IS EASY TO
INSTALL AND REALLY GIVES THE
FREEDOM AND AUTONOMY BACK TO
THE SPECIFIC INDIVIDUAL FROM
THERE WE IDENTIFY THAT EVEN
THOSE FIVE PERCENT OF DOORS
THAT ARE AUTOMATIC STILL COULD
BE TAKEN TO THE NEXT LEVEL.
SO WE CREATED A RECEIVER THAT
CAN MAKE THOSE DOORS THAT ARE
ALREADY AUTOMATIC FUNCTION VIA
VOICE ACTIVATION ON OUR APP OR
VIA FOB SO THAT INDIVIDUALS CAN
OPEN THE DOOR FROM 15 TO 20
FEET AWAY AND WHEN THE DOOR
STARTS TO CLOSE THEY CAN EITHER
REPRESS THE BUTTON OR RESET
PUSH SO THAT THE DOOR IS NOT
HITTING THEIR CHAIR ON THE WAY
IN OR THE WAY OUT.
AND SO THE VIDEO THAT YOU'RE
SEEING HERE IS OF RYAN IN VEGAS
UTILIZING OUR DEVICE WHICH WAS
PLACED ON A UNITED ACCESS
FACILITY AND HE'S JUST SAYING
PUSH AND THEN HE'S MANEUVERING
HIS CHAIR THROUGH THE DOOR
AFTER OPENING IT FROM 15 TO 20
FEET AWAY.
>> SOME OF OUR SUPPORTERS THAT
HAVE MADE THIS POSSIBLE IN THE
STARTUP WORLD, IN THE
ACCESSIBILITY WORLD, IN THE
POLITICAL WORLD, THE
GOVERNMENTAL WORLD
COLLABORATION IS KEY.
AND SO A LOT OF MY TEAM, OUR
BRADLEY UNIVERSITY GRADUATES
AND IN ADDITION TO THAT
VICTORIA'S SECRET PINK AND THE
JED FOUNDATION TEAMED UP TO
AWARD BETHANY MY CO-FOUNDER DR.
FIVE 25000 DOLLARS FOR OUR WORK
AN ACCESSIBLE IN OUR WORK WITH
THE HERO DOOR OPENER BECAUSE
THEY REALIZE THAT INDIVIDUALS
WITH DISABILITIES OFTEN TEND TO
STRUGGLE BASED ON ISOLATION IN
OUR SOCIETY AND BARRIERS TO
THEN ENTER AND EXPERIENCE THE
WORLD.
IN ADDITION, HALCION AND BUSCH
STADIUM ORGANIZATIONS WHO HAVE
OUR TECHNOLOGY WHO ARE WORKING
WITH US REGULARLY THE ARCH
GRANTS IN ST. LOUIS, THE
UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS, CHICAGO
PROVIDING MENTORSHIP AND
GUIDANCE AND THE LIST GOES ON
AND ON.
>> THIS IS THE CORE TEAM HERE.
BETHANY JUST GRADUATED FROM THE
U OF I WITH HER DOCTORATE IN
HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT.
I'M CURRENTLY A PHD STUDENT AT
THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS IN
DISABILITY STUDIES SO I'M
SPECIFICALLY STUDYING
DISABILITY STUDIES AND WORKING
IN THE ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY
UNIT.
I HAVE MY MY MASTER'S IN
NONPROFIT BUSINESS LEADERSHIP
AND MY BACHELOR'S IN POLITICAL
SCIENCE.
BETHANY HAS HER MBA FROM
BRADLEY AND HER BACHELOR'S IN
MARKETING.
JAMAL STEPHENSON IS OUR SALES
LEAD.
HE HAS NATIONAL SALES
BACKGROUND IN CHICAGO AND HE
GOT HIS BACHELOR'S IN
CRIMINOLOGY.
AND THEN MARK SAMPLE IS OUR
TECHNICAL OFFICER.
>> OVER FORTY YEARS
OF EXPERIENCE IN MECHANICAL AND
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING JUST TO
PUT INTO PERSPECTIVE OUR CORE
TEAM FROM THERE ARE LARGER TEAM
THAT'S ANOTHER KIND OF SMALLER
SNAPSHOT BUT OUR LARGER TEAM
COMES TOGETHER WITH A PLETHORA
OF DIFFERENT EXPERIENCE.
WHEN I HAD THE IDEA FOR THIS
DEVICE CARDAN WITKOFF AND I WHO
IS A SCHOLAR AND AN ADVOCATE IN
ATLANTA, WE TEAMED UP TO FIGURE
OUT HOW WE WANTED TO BEST
COLLECT THE DATA AND ACTUALLY
QUANTIFY WHAT WAS NEEDED BY THE
COMMUNITY FROM THERE IN PEORIA,
ILLINOIS WE REACHED OUT TO
BUSINESSES, WE REACHED OUT TO
INDIVIDUALS APART OF DIFFERENT
COMMUNITIES WHETHER WAS
MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY, SPINAL
STENOSIS AND WE COLLECTED REAL
FEEDBACK WITH THE COMMUNITY AND
THEN BUILT ON TOP OF IT.
SABRINA ON OUR TEAM HAS
QUADRIPLEGIA SORT OF SHOWCASE
THE BEAUTY OF INNOVATING WHEN
WE FIRST CREATED OUR DEVICE WE
PLACED A LARGE FOB ON THE BACK
OF SABRINA'S HEADREST BECAUSE
SHE USES HER HAIR TO MANEUVER
HER CHAIR AFTER TESTING THAT
OUT FOR A WHILE SHE SAID THIS
IS GREAT BUT CAN YOU IMAGINE IF
I COULD JUST SAY PUSH SO WE GOT
BUILDING ON THE APP TO ALLOW
FOR VOICE ACTIVATION THAT WORKS
WITH SCREEN READERS.
THAT WORKS WITH VARIOUS VOICE
ATEX TECHNOLOGIES AND THAT'S
JUST I CAN SPEND I CAN SPEND
THE WHOLE PRESENTATION TALKING
ABOUT MY AMAZING TEAM DOCTOR
VENECIA ORTHOPEDICS SURGEON IN
CHICAGO REALIZED THAT AFTER HE
DOES HIS WORK HE'S WATCHING HIS
PATIENTS STRUGGLE TO LEAVE THE
BUILDING AND THEN DR. CONEHEAD
LIRES AS I KNOW HIM.
THAT'S MY BIG BROTHER.
HE IS A PROFESSOR AT STANFORD
UNIVERSITY.
HIS WORK REPLENISHES STEM CELLS
TO MAKE THE HUMAN BODY
HEALTHIER WHEN CERTAIN CELLS
HAVE STARTED TO DIE.
SO IN TERMS OF THE WORK THAT HE
DOES, HE IS DOING
GROUNDBREAKING WORK TO HELP
MAKE THE WORLD BETTER
SPECIFICALLY FOR INDIVIDUALS
WITH VARIOUS NEEDS.
SO WHEN PEOPLE ASK US WHY WE DO
WHAT WE DO, OUR ANSWER IS
SIMPLE.
IT IS BECAUSE WE HEAR YOU.
>> THANK YOU SO, SO MUCH FOR
YOUR TIME.
I'D LOVE TO HAVE OPEN DIALOG
AND JUST TALK THROUGH ANY
QUESTIONS OR ANSWER ANSWER
ANYTHING YOU GUYS MIGHT WANT TO
KNOW.
THANK YOU SO MUCH PIYA.
I MEAN WHAT AN AMAZING
PRESENTATION.
THANK YOU SO MUCH AND WE WILL
OPEN IT TO A FEW QUESTIONS BUT
I WANT TO LET EVERYONE KNOW
THAT WE WILL LIMIT IT TO A FEW
QUESTIONS.
BUT THEN IF THERE ARE
ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS FOR PETER
AND BALKANY ABOUT THEIR
PRODUCTS AND PRESENTATIONS
HAPPY TO TO FOLLOW UP WITH THEM
AND GET CONNECTED.
KATHLEEN, I SEE YOU HAVE YOUR
HAND UP.
>> I DO.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I HAVE NEVER CRIED DURING A
PRESENTATION BEFORE.
I'M GOING TO BE REALLY RAW
ABOUT THIS.
>> I THANK YOU.
I'M SO GRATEFUL THAT THERE IS
YOU AND YOUR THOUGHTFULNESS AND
THE TEAM THAT YOU HAVE
DEVELOPED.
>> THIS IS A HUGE ISSUE FOR
MYSELF AS A POWER WHEELCHAIR
USER ON THE DAILY AND IT'S SO
HARD YOU KNOW WE GET ADVOCACY
FATIGUE RIGHT?
I MEAN THERE'S ALWAYS YOU HAVE
TO LIVE YOUR REGULAR LIFE BUT
THEN YOU ALSO HAVE TO ADVOCATE
YOURSELF IN DOORS THAT ARE JUST
TOO DARN HEAVY.
WE DO HAVE WEIGHT LIMITS UNDER
THE ADA, RIGHT.
THEY BUT THEN YOU HAVE TO WRITE
ABOUT IT.
YOU HAVE TO SHARE WITH THE
COMPANY YOU'RE TRYING TO GET
THROUGH THEIR DOOR ON.
AM I ONLY GOING TO THAT COMPANY
ONCE YOU KNOW AND SO TO KNOW
ABOUT SOMETHING LIKE THIS IS
JUST NOT JUST FOR MY GENERATION
ALL BUT ALL THE GENERATIONS
THAT ARE TO COME.
>> IT'S SO VERY EXCITING.
I DO HAVE ONE QUESTION IN TERMS
OF COST IS THE COST SO PUTTING
IN A DOOR THAT HAS TO BE HARD
WIRED AND ALL OF THAT I IMAGINE
THAT YOURS IS NOT AS COST
PROHIBITIVE.
>> YES, ABSOLUTELY.
SO FIRST AND FOREMOST, THANK
YOU FOR SHARING THAT BEGINNING
PIECE OF YOUR TESTIMONY BECAUSE
IT IS SO REAL.
IT IS NOT ONLY YOUR REAL
EXPERIENCE BUT IT'S SO MANY
INDIVIDUALS REAL EXPERIENCE.
SO THANK YOU FOR THAT
VULNERABILITY.
AND THEN COST IS ONE OF THE
MAJOR AREAS IN WHICH WE WE CAME
INTO THE SPACE.
WE RECOGNIZE THAT TO MAKE A
DOOR AUTOMATIC RIGHT NOW
SPECIFICALLY WITH THE
TRADITIONAL HARD WIRING LET'S
SAY YOU SPEND TWO TO FOUR
THOUSAND DOLLARS ON THE ACTUAL
DEVICE THEN THE ELECTRICIAN TO
HARDWIRE INTO THE BUILDING
ASSUMING THAT YOU HAVE THE
INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDED THERE'S
ANOTHER TWO TO FOUR THOUSAND
DOLLARS ON TOP OF THAT MAKING
IT ANYWHERE FROM FOUR TO TEN
THOUSAND DOLLARS.
AND IF YOU'RE LOOKING AT
REVOLVING DOORS WHICH ARE THE
BANE OF MY EXISTENCE THAT'S
LIKE 15 20000.
SO THE HERO DOOR OPENER RIGHT
NOW IS PRICED AT 1750 SO ONE
THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED AND
FIFTY DOLLARS AND IT CAN BE
INSTALLED BY YOURSELF IN ABOUT
TEN TO FIFTEEN MINUTES.
WE ARE LOOKING TO DECREASE THE
PRICE AS WE WRAP UP OUR SCALE
IN PRODUCTION.
RIGHT.
SO THE MORE THAT WE'RE ABLE TO
MAKE WE'RE ABLE TO GO AND FIND
DIFFERENT AVENUES AND WHAT WE
HEAVILY DO IS WE WORK WITH
ORGANIZATIONS AND INDIVIDUALS
TO FIND THE GRANTS THAT ALLOWED
THEM TO BE ABLE TO GET A
PRODUCT LIKE THE HERO FOR
LIMITED COST OR NO COST.
THANK YOU SO MUCH OUTSTANDING.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS
FOR PURE AT THIS TIME?
I HAVE A QUESTION.
OK, LARRY HAVE THE QUESTION CAN
I HAVE THE INFORMATION SENT TO
ME ABOUT YOUR PROGRAM AND HOW
IT'S WORKING?
I ALSO HAVE A I'M A GEEK WHO
GOES TO ILLINOIS INSTITUTE
OF TECHNOLOGY.
MY SON OF INTERVIEW THE TECH
OF IT OR AT LEAST AVAILABLE
PART OF IT.
YEAH, I'M VERY CURIOUS.
>> THAT SOUNDS EXCITING.
YEAH.
WE FILED OUR PATENTS OR WE
FILED A PATENT A COUPLE
OF WEEKS AGO.
WE'RE FILING ONE IN THE U.S.
ONE IN THE EU AND THEN ONE IN
CANADA AND YOU KNOW FROM A
TECHNICAL STANDPOINT SPEAKING
ON A HIGH LEVEL I'LL SAY WHAT
SETS US APART ARE A COUPLE
OF KEY FEATURES.
WE MADE IT PORTABLE SO THAT IF
SOMEBODY NEEDS TO TRAVEL THEY
CAN SLIDE THE HERO OFF OF ITS
BRACKET AND TAKE IT WITH THEM
SO THAT INDIVIDUALS CAN MOVE IT
AS THEY MOVE.
SECONDARILY, WE USED A SPECIFIC
TYPE OF CLUTCH AND MOTOR SYSTEM
THAT GIVES VERY LIMITED
RESISTANCE SO THAT YOU DON'T
NEED TO WORRY ABOUT THE DOOR
HAVING EXTRA WEIGHT AS TRIES TO
CLOSE OR OPEN AND THEN I THINK
THE THIRD PIECE THAT WE DID
THAT WORKS REALLY WELL FOR US
IS WE FOCUSED ON BLUETOOTH, A
BLUETOOTH THAT'S ALWAYS
CONNECTED SO THAT YOU DON'T
NEED TO WORRY ABOUT PARDON ME I
WAS AN INTERESTING YES.
>> SO I'D LOVE TO I'LL GET YOUR
EMAIL AFTER THIS AND I'D LOVE
TO SEND IT OFF TO TO YOU YOUR
SON ANY ANYBODY WHO IS
INTERESTED IN SEEING IT AND
UNDERSTANDING HOW WE'VE DONE IT
SO FAR.
WE'RE VERY EXCITED ABOUT THE
POTENTIAL THAT THIS HOLDS FOR
FOR THE WORLD.
ABSOLUTELY.
ONE ANYONE WITH ONE LAST
QUESTION FOR PIERRET THIS TIME
?
WELL, I JUST WANT TO THANK YOU
SO, SO MUCH, MY FRIEND.
ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO SEE YOU.
CONGRATULATIONS ON ALL YOUR
YOUR SUCCESS AND WISHING YOU
MUCH, MUCH MORE.
PLEASE KEEP IN TOUCH.
YES.
PLEASE SEND ANY INFORMATION
OVER THAT YOU CAN AND I'M
HAPPY, LARRY, TO GET YOU THAT
INFORMATION AS WELL.
>> NPR I CAN CONNECT TO YOU AND
OUR VICE CHAIRMAN LARRY KEILLER
ALSO PERFECT.
>> THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR
EVERYONE ON THIS PANEL.
KEEP DOING THE AMAZING WORK
THAT YOU DO AND IF YOU EVER
NEED ANYTHING, DO NOT HESITATE
TO REACH OUT TO MYSELF OR MY
TEAM.
>> WE WE LOVE THE WORK THAT YOU
GUYS ARE DOING.
>> SO THANK YOU.
THANKS FOR HAVING US.
SURE.
AND REALLY QUICK FOR ALL THE
VIEWERS AND PEOPLE ON, COULD
YOU GIVE COULD YOU JUST SAY
YOUR WEBSITE?
YES.
SO IT IS WE HEAR YOU OPENS
DOORS DOTCOM WE HEAR YOU OPENS
DOORS DOTCOM NICE AND SIMPLE.
>> WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE A PRESENTATION
WITH THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
SCHOOL OF SOCIAL WORK AND WE
HAVE THAT ON THE LINE.
>> SO KATE, WELCOME.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR JOINING
US.
I REALLY LOOK FORWARD TO
HEARING ALL OF YOU GUYS.
>> HOW ARE YOU TODAY AND VERY
WELL.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
WELL, I'M EXCITED TO TO HEAR
ALL ABOUT WHAT YOU GUYS ARE
DOING.
CAN I JUST JUMP IN IF THESE ARE
MY FORMER STUDENTS AND I JUST
WANT TO SAY THANK YOU, KATE AND
JESSICA FOR BEING HERE AND
THEIR PROJECT HAS A
SIGNIFICANCE ACCESSIBLE THE
KIND OF ANGLE AND I'M GLAD THAT
THEY ARE SHARING IT HERE TODAY
.
YEAH.
GOOD TO SEE YOU GUYS.
YEAH, YOU TOO.
SO I'M KATE AND I'M HERE WITH
MY CLASSMATE JUST AND WE WANTED
TO BRING SOME INFORMATION ABOUT
STUDENTS DISABILITY SERVICES IN
OUR PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND THE
EXPERIENCES THAT WE HAVE SEEN
PLAY OUT THROUGH OUR
VOLUNTEERING OR THROUGH
CONVERSATIONS THAT WE HAVE HAD
.
SO IN OUR CLASS WE WERE TOLD TO
PICK A TOPIC IN ANN ARBOR WHERE
THERE NEEDS TO BE A SOLUTION
AND SO WE JUST HAVE EXPERIENCE
WORKING WITH KIDS WITH
DISABILITIES AND SO WE WANTED
TO TALK ABOUT IN OUR PUBLIC
SCHOOLS AND HOW THOSE SERVICES
AND SO WE HAVE A PRESENTATION
TO SHARE WITH YOU ALL WE HAVE
WE ALSO HAVE A RECORDING
OF WHEN WE PRESENTED THIS TO
OUR CLASS WHICH WE'RE GOING TO
UTILIZE BECAUSE WE DON'T HAVE
ALL OF OUR GROUP MEMBERS WITH
US TODAY BUT HOPEFULLY THAT
WILL BE ABLE TO BE GOOD AND
EFFECTIVE.
AND ALSO WE WANTED TO RECOGNIZE
THAT WHILE WE DON'T HAVE A
PERMANENT SOLUTION FOR THIS
ISSUE, ESPECIALLY REGARDING THE
LACK OF FUNDING WE WANTED TO
COMMUTE THIS INFORMATION TO A
DIFFERENT GROUP OF PEOPLE.
WE TRIED TO COMMUNICATE WITH
THE PTO AND THEY DIDN'T HAVE A
LOT OF BACKGROUND ON SPECIAL
EDUCATION AND SO WE KIND OF HAD
A BLOCKAGE THERE.
SO WE ARE LOOKING FOR DIFFERENT
AVENUES OF PEOPLE VERSED IN
DISABILITY RIGHTS TO
COMMUNICATE THIS WITH AND
FURTHER THIS
THIS IS ACTUALLY
WHERE WE CAN SEE YOUR
PRESENTATION AT LEAST I CAN.
>> SO THANK YOU
.
SORRY.
DID YOU SAY YOU COULD NOT HEAR
IT?
NO, I WAS SAYING WE COULD SEE
IT BUT I DIDN'T KNOW IF THERE
WAS ANY SOUND FOR THE
RECORDING.
>> THERE IS YES.
LET'S SEE IF I'M ABLE TO FIGURE
THIS OUT
.
ARE YOU ABLE TO ENLARGE IT
THERE DOWN IN THE THE RIGHT
HAND CORNER THERE SHOULD BE A
WAY THAT YOU CAN ENLARGE THE
SCREEN TO GIVE YOU FULL SCREEN
ACCESS.
YES.
YES, THERE IS AUDIO INVOLVED SO
I WANTED TO SEE THAT WOULD
SHARED
THE STUDENT BECAUSE YOU
HEAR IT NOW ABILITY IS MISSED
OUT ON CRUCIAL OPPORTUNITIES TO
REALLY GROW, DEVELOP AND
SUCCEED AND EDUCATIONAL
JOURNEY.
YES I CAN HEAR IT CAN ALL YOU
HEAR?
>> YES.
DO YOU SEE THESE TYPES
OF STUDENTS RELY ON THE APPS
THE BIBLE FOR PLANS BUT WITHOUT
THIS FUNDING, WITHOUT THESE
RESOURCES THEY'RE OFTEN LEFT
WITHOUT THIS PERSONALIZED
SUPPORT THAT CAN REALLY HELP
THEM INDIVIDUALLY.
FAMILIES ARE LEFT JUST CONFUSED
AND BURDENED TRYING TO NAVIGATE
THESE COMPLEX SERVICES AND
THESE SYSTEMS WITHOUT KNOWING
WHO TO TURN TO, WHAT TO DO TO
CHANGE AND SOMETIMES THEY DON'T
KNOW WHAT THEY SHOULD BE
LOOKING FOR AND EXPECTING FOR
THEIR CHILDREN, EDUCATORS AND
STAFF OF HIGH CASELOADS AND
LACK OF RESOURCES.
AND WHEN A STUDENT IS ON YOUR
CASELOAD, IT'S MORE THAN THEM
JUST BEING A STUDENT AND ONE
OF YOUR CLASSES YOU'RE IN
CHARGE OF THEIR IEP MEETING
PROGRESS AND TEACHERS ARE OFTEN
EXPECTED TO HANDLE A LOT MORE
AND WHAT THEY WHAT THEY SHOULD
WHICH LEADS TO HIGH BURNOUT AND
TURNOVER RATES WHICH IS AGAIN
IMPACTING STUDENTS AND
ADMINISTRATORS ARE FORCED TO
BALANCE THIS RESOURCE
ALLOCATION AND THE LEGAL
MANDATES AND IT BECOMES VERY
STRESSFUL.
SO THIS IS A BIG ISSUE THAT
AFFECTS A LOT OF PEOPLE.
YEAH.
AND THEN BEFORE WE GET INTO OUR
URGENCY WE WANTED TO EXPRESS
OUR IMPORTANT GUIDING VALUES
THAT WE REALLY KEPT IN MIND AND
CREATING THIS WHOLE PROJECT
JUST OVERALL EQUITY INCLUSION
EVERY STUDENT, REGARDLESS IF
THEY NEED MORE HELP OR TIME
SHOULD DESERVE A THE EDUCATION
AND WE JUST REALLY THOSE THAT
CAN HOLD BACK STUDENTS
SPECIFICALLY WITH DISABILITIES.
WE ALSO EMPOWER PARENTS AND
FAMILIES TO REALLY STAND UP AND
SUPPORT THEIR CHILD BECAUSE
MOST OF OUR STUDENTS CAN'T
EXPRESS THEMSELVES.
WE ALSO WANT TO FOSTER
COLLABORATION AND RECOGNIZE THE
SENSE OF COMMUNITY CREATING
POSITIVE CHANGE AND THEN JUST
REALLY DIGNITY, RESPECT AND
EMPATHY FOR THE STUDENTS JUST
BECAUSE EVERYONE REGARDLESS
JUST DESERVE QUALITY EDUCATION.
THAT'S WHAT SCHOOL SAID.
THAT IS REALLY WHAT GUIDED US
AND WHAT WE HAD IN MIND AS WE
FOCUSED ON THIS PROJECT.
BUT I THINK THAT THERE'S A
REASON FOR THAT EVERYBODY ELSE
SHOULD BE INTERESTED IN THIS
AND SEE WE SEE IN MICHIGAN
THERE'S A INTENSIFIES RISING
DEMAND FOR SERVICES THE NUMBER
OF STUDENTS WHO ARE SERVED
UNDER THE INDIVIDUALS WITH
DISABILITIES EDUCATION ACT HAVE
GROWN FROM SIX POINT FOUR
MILLION TO SEVEN MILLION JUST A
FEW YEARS.
WE SEE AN IMPACT STUDENT
ACTIVITIES JUST A FEW YEARS AGO
THERE WAS A SIX HUNDRED AND
FIFTY FIVE MILLION DOLLAR
SHORTFALL WHICH LEFT ONLY
EIGHTY POINT SEVEN PERCENT
OF APPROVED SPECIAL EDUCATION
COSTS COVERED IN MICHIGAN.
SO THAT'S A HUGE AMOUNT THAT IS
STILL JUST UNCOVERED AND A LACK
OF RESOURCES AND AS SPECIAL
EDUCATION AS WE DO RESEARCH AS
WE FIND OUT MORE ABOUT SPECIAL
EDUCATION, ABOUT STUDENTS WITH
DISABILITIES AND HOW WE CAN
BEST SUPPORT THEM, SPECIAL
EDUCATION TEACHERS WERE
REQUIRED ONGOING TRAINING TO
STAY CURRENT WITH THE BEST
PRACTICES OR WITHOUT OUR
RESOURCES WE CAN'T CONTINUE TO
TRAIN THEM AND THEY ARE LEFT
UNPREPARED AND THEN ALSO AS
WE'VE SAID, THEIR EQUITY FOR
ALL STUDENTS.
I HOPE THAT WE ALL WE ALL
BELIEVE IN EQUITY AND THAT'S
SOMETHING THAT WE WANT TO
STRIVE FOR.
AND STUDENTS WITH DISABILITIES
HAD A DROPOUT RATE OF TWELVE
POINT ONE PERCENT COMPARED TO
FIVE PERCENT OF THEIR PEERS
WITHOUT DISABILITIES.
SO THAT'S A HUGE EQUITY
DISCREPANCY.
SO THIS IS WHY I THINK THAT THE
ISSUE IS VERY URGENT AND WHY
MORE PEOPLE SHOULD BE REALLY
FOCUSING ON THIS.
>> SO WHEN WE ARE TALKING ABOUT
WHAT WE WANTED TO DO, I THINK
THERE'S A MILLION THINGS YOU
CAN DO ULTIMATELY LIKE JUST
SAYING WE WANT MORE MONEY IS
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
SO WE DECIDED THAT THE MOST
PRACTICAL IT CAN DO IS JUST
ESTABLISH AN ADVOCACY GROUP TO
AMPLIFY VOICES AND DRIVE
CHANGE.
>> AND SO WE WANTED TO BRING
HOW TO ADDRESS THE ISSUE AND
NAVIGATE THE SYSTEM WHETHER
THAT'S THE SCHOOL BOARD
ADMINISTRATION, STATE
GOVERNMENT, WHATEVER ELSE IT IS
AND JUST TO PROVIDE A
SUPPORTIVE SPACE FOR PARENTS TO
FEEL HEARD AND CONNECT WITH
OTHERS TO SHARE THEIR CONCERNS
AND WORK COLLABORATIVELY TOWARD
SOLUTIONS TO THE STRUCTURE
OF THIS WOULD WOULD BOTH BE
MONTHLY IN-PERSON MEETINGS
WHERE THEY CAN EACH OTHER
FACE-TO-FACE AND TALK ABOUT IT
AND JUST FEEL SUPPORTED BY ONE
ANOTHER BUT ALSO PROVIDING AN
ONLINE PLATFORM TO SHARE
STORIES, ACCESS RESOURCES,
IDENTIFY KEY CONTEXT FOR
ADVOCACY.
I THINK OFTENTIMES PARENTS FEEL
LIKE AN FEEL LIKE THEY HAVE
SOMETHING TO SAY THEY DON'T
KNOW HOW TO DIRECT IT TO.
THEY FEEL FRUSTRATED BY THE
SYSTEM AND WHERE TO GO NEXT.
SO I THINK THAT THIS WOULD BE A
REALLY GOOD PLACE WHERE THEY
CAN FIND THAT SUPPORT TO JUST
CONTINUE GOING CONTINUE
PRESSING LIKE CONTINUE TALKING
ABOUT IT UNTIL THE CHANGE THAT
THEY WANT TO SEE IS IMPORTANT.
>> OK, SO FAR OUR RESEARCH AND
FIELD WORK WE FELT THAT WE
WOULD BE MOST EFFECTIVE TO GO
STRAIGHT TO THE PEOPLE WHO KNOW
THE MOST AND ARE AFFECTED THE
MOST.
ASIDE FROM THE STUDENTS
THEMSELVES THAT WOULD BE THE
TEACHERS AND PARENTS.
SO WE REACHED OUT TO A VARIETY
OF PEOPLE WHO REACHED OUT TO
TEACHERS, PARENTS, SCHOOL
COUNSELORS, PRINCIPALS, SCHOOL
BOARD MEMBERS, MEMBERS AND THE
APS SPECIAL EDUCATION OFFICE.
BUT WE HAD DIFFICULTY
CONNECTING WITH PEOPLE FOR A
VARIETY OF REASONS, BOTH BEING
IT'S JUST NOT A PRIORITY FOR
THOSE WHO HAVE SO MUCH ON THEIR
PLATE RIGHT NOW.
AND ALSO THERE'S A FEAR
OF LEGAL REPERCUSSIONS.
BUT WE DID CONNECT WITH ONE
PARENT AND ONE TEACHER UNDER
THE CONDITION OF ANONYMITY TO
PROTECT THEM FROM LEGAL
CONSEQUENCES.
WE WANT TO REFLECT ON THE
INFORMATION, THE PERSPECTIVE
THAT WE GOT.
SO THE PARENT THAT WE SPOKE TO
TALK ABOUT THEIR EXPERIENCE
NAVIGATING SPECIAL EDUCATION
RESOURCES IN ARBOR AS A
NIGHTMARE.
THEY BEGAN HAVING ISSUES WHEN
THEIR CHILD WAS IN KINDERGARTEN
AND IT JUST GOT WORSE
THROUGHOUT THEIR EDUCATIONAL
EXPERIENCE AND THEY FELT THAT
THE DISTRICT WAS NOT CARING
ABOUT THEIR CHILD, THEIR
CHILD'S SUCCESS AND THAT
DISTRICT WAS PROVIDING THE BARE
MINIMUM TO COMPLY BY LEGAL
STANDARDS AND THE DISTRICT DOES
NOT HAVE PROGRAMS FOR KIDS WHO
ARE SMART BUT NEED DIFFERENT
SUPPORT.
>> THEY ALSO FELT THAT THAT
CHANGE IS NECESSARY AND THAT
THERE NEEDS TO BE A NEW
ADMINISTRATION WITH MORE
KNOWLEDGE ABOUT SPECIAL
EDUCATION AND THAT IT NEEDS TO
BE MORE TRANSPARENCY BETWEEN
SCHOOLS AND PARENTS WHICH WOULD
RESULT IN A RESET IN SERVICES.
WE'LL TALK A LITTLE BIT MORE
ABOUT THE TEACHER PERSPECTIVE
BUT THERE ALSO NEEDS TO BE A
CULTURE SHIFT.
THEIR FOCUS NEEDS TO BE ABOUT
CARING FOR STUDENTS AND NOT
ABOUT RISK MITIGATION.
AND PARENTS WORRY THAT IF THEY
SPEAK OUT THINGS GET WORSE FOR
THEIR CHILD AND THAT CANNOT BE
THE WAY THAT THE POWER DYNAMICS
NEED TO SHIFT SO THAT THAT IS
NOT.
AND THEN WE SPOKE TO A TEACHER
IN AN URBAN PUBLIC SCHOOLS WHO
REFERENCED THE MANY DISPARITIES
AMONG SCHOOLS THROUGHOUT OUR
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND SPECIFICALLY
CITED CITED MITCHELL ELEMENTARY
SCHOOL THERE ARE STUDENTS AT
SCHOOL WHO ARE CURRENTLY
RECEIVING VIRTUAL SERVICES
BECAUSE DO NOT HAVE ENOUGH
STAFF TO PROVIDE IN-PERSON
INSTRUCTION AND THERE ARE ALSO
INACCESSIBLE SERVICES.
SO THERE ARE SOME STUDENTS WHO
THERE AREN'T THERE AREN'T
ENOUGH THERE'S NOT ENOUGH
IN-PERSON INSTRUCTION.
SO THERE ARE SOME SERVICES THAT
ARE BEING PROVIDED THE SUMMER
AS COMPENSATORY SERVICES BUT
THESE ARE INEFFICIENT AND
BURDENSOME TO THE PARENTS
BECAUSE THE PARENTS BECOME
RESPONSIBLE FOR TRANSPORTATION
TO AND FROM SOCIAL SERVICES.
AND THEN AS YOU TALKED ABOUT,
THERE'S A MAJOR LACK OF FUNDING
IS EVEN MORE SO RELEVANT NOW
BUT THERE HAS BEEN A LACK
OF FUNDING FOR YEARS AND THE
DISTRICT IS UNABLE TO HIRE
NECESSARY TO SUCCEED.
OK, AND THEN ALSO THE TEACHER
HIGHLIGHTED THE NUMBERS DO NOT
EQUAL NEEDS AND THAT IS
SOMETHING THAT COMES UP A LOT
AS THEY TALK ABOUT THE FULL
TIME EQUIVALENT OF SPECIAL
EDUCATION TEACHERS AND THE KIDS
ARE NOT REPRESENTED AND NOT
REPRESENTED JUST BY NUMBERS.
THE LEVEL OF IMPACT IS NOT
BEING CONSIDERED WHEN
ALLOCATING FUNDS RESOURCES AND
AS I MENTIONED BEFORE THERE WAS
A LACK OF TRANSPARENCY BETWEEN
SCHOOLS AND PARENTS.
THE TEACHER REFERENCED THAT
PARENTS SHOULD COME TO THE
SCHOOL AND SEE WHAT THEIR
CHILD'S STATE LOOKS LIKE AND IF
THEIR SERVICES ARE BEING THAT
IS OFTENTIMES BECAUSE OF THE
HIGH EXPLODES STUDENTS ARE
SLIPPING THROUGH THE CRACKS
OF THE TEACHERS OR THE PARENTS
ARE NOT AWARE OF THIS IF A
STUDENT IS GET 60 MINUTES
OF INSTRUCTION REGARDING THE
SKILL BUT THEY ONLY RECEIVE 30
MINUTES DUE TO A TEACHER'S
CASELOAD THIS IS NOT BEING
RELAYED TO THE PARENTS SO
THEY'RE NOT AWARE OF THEIR
CHILD'S LEGAL CONTRACT IS NOT
BEING MET AND THEN ALSO IEP
DEVELOPMENT NEEDS FOR PARENT
COLLABORATION.
THE TEACHER FELT THAT IEPS WERE
MEANT TO BE DEVELOPED.
IT'S NOT HOW THEY'RE BEING
DEVELOPED NOW AND THAT THERE
NEEDS TO BE THE FAMILIES
SITTING DOWN AND HAVING AN
ELEMENT OF COLLABORATION SO
THAT EACH STUDENT CAN HAVE
THEIR IEP PLAN AND ALSO THE
TEACHERS TAKE ON MANY ROLES AND
THE TEACHER SAID THAT SHE HAS
BEEN THE THE SOCIAL WORKER, THE
SPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER AND
THE GENERAL EDUCATION TEACHER
OR MULTIPLE STUDENTS IN HER
CLASS.
AND I VOLUNTEER WITH THIS
TEACHER EVERY WEEK AND I HAVE
AND ALSO THERE IS A LOT
OF TEACHER TURNOVER SO IT'S
DIFFICULT FOR STUDENTS TO
ADJUST WHICH CONTINUES THE
CYCLE IN SOCIAL WORK WE TALK A
LOT ABOUT ENTRY AND EXIT IN
COMMUNITIES RESPECTIVELY AND
WITH THIS TEACHER TURNOVER IT'S
REALLY DIFFICULT FOR STUDENTS
WHO ARE ALREADY STRUGGLING IN
SCHOOL TO HAVE TO CONTINUOUSLY
ADJUST
TO NEW TEACHERS AND WAYS
OF TEACHING AND IS GETTING MORE
DIFFICULT TO FIND QUALIFIED
MOTIVATED INDIVIDUALS IN THE
FIELD OF SPECIAL EDUCATION.
AND WITH THIS TEACHER TURNOVER
AND CHANGES IN TEACHING METHODS
IT CAN ALSO MAKE IT MORE LIKELY
FOR STUDENTS TO BECOME
AGGRESSIVE AND HAVE THINGS LIKE
THAT AND ALSO WITH THIS HIGH
CASE OF UNDERSTAFFING SAID THAT
STUDENTS IN MY CLASSROOM HAVE
GONE MONTHS AND A WHOLE YEAR
WITHOUT RECEIVING THE SERVICES
ON THEIR IEP AND THE PARENTS
ARE NOT BECOMING AWARE OF THIS
INFORMATION AND SO THE STUDENTS
ARE FALLING BEHIND AND THEN
FURTHER DISSEMINATION.
>> SO WE DID REACH OUT TO THE
APS CAMPUS, THE PTO AND THE
BOARD OF EDUCATION BECAUSE WE
FELT THAT THEY WOULD ALL HAVE
INFORMATION THAT WE CAN FROM
BUT EACH OF THESE GROUPS EITHER
DID NOT RESPOND TO US OR
RESPONDED TO US SO THAT THEY
DID NOT HAVE ENOUGH KNOWLEDGE
OF SPECIAL EDUCATION TO
COMMUNICATE WITH US ABOUT THIS
.
SO WE REALIZED THAT WE NEED TO
BE SHARING THIS INFORMATION AND
ALSO THE ANN OUR COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES WOULD LIKE US
TO SPEAK AT ONE OF THEIR
MEETINGS IN JUNE WHICH WE
REALLY HOPE TO BE ABLE TO DO.
WE'RE HOPING TO CONTINUE TO
GATHER INFORMATION SO THAT WE
CAN PROVIDE A MORE WELL-ROUNDED
INFORMATIONAL PRESENTATION TO
THEM AND WE THINK THAT THAT'S
SOMETHING THAT HAS BEEN REALLY
SUCCESSFUL IN OUR PROCESS THAT
WE DO HAVE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO
SPEAK TO THEM
.
>> OK, SO IS ARE FOURTH OR
CREATED A GORGEOUS PORTRAIT
SORRY KATE THAT'S THE MUSIC
THERE TO APOLOGIZE.
>> YEAH THAT'S HILARIOUS THAT
THERE IS MUSIC FOR THAT BY THE
WAY BUT I'M SO SORRY I HOPE
THAT WE DIDN'T CUT OFF TOO MUCH
OF YOUR PRESENTATION BUT
BECAUSE WE HAVE OTHER THINGS TO
COVER ON OUR AGENDA I JUST
WANTED TO KNOW HOW MANY MORE
SITES DO YOU HAVE?
>> ALL RIGHT.
I'M TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO
GET THE AUDIO TO START PLAYING
,BUT THAT'S ACTUALLY THE LAST
SLIDE THAT WE'RE GOING TO CUT
IT ALL BACK BECAUSE WE WANT TO
BE RESPECTED.
>> SO THAT'S SAY OK, DID YOU
WELL DID YOU OK, I DIDN'T KNOW
IF YOU WANTED TO JUST PRESENT
IT OR FOR OK JUST DO YOU MIND
STARTING WHILE I TRY AND FIGURE
OUT THIS AUDIO.
YEAH SO I'LL JUST TALK ABOUT IT
REAL QUICK.
>> LET ME PULL UP THE SLIDE.
SO OUR LAST I WAS JUST TALKING
ABOUT THE FORCES FOR AND
AGAINST CHANGE JUST QUICKLY RUN
THROUGH WHAT WE HAD ON YOUR
SIDE JUST TO SAVE TIME AND
STUFF BUT IN ORDER IN REGARD TO
OUR ADVOCACY GROUP THAT WE'RE
PROPOSING THE FORCES FOR CHANGE
WOULD BE THE PARENTS AND
CHILDREN IN NEED OF THE SPECIAL
EDUCATION SERVICES.
>> I WOULD THEY WOULD BE THE
STRONGEST CONTENDERS WITHIN
THIS GROUP.
>> AND THEN WE ALSO HAVE CITY
COUNCIL AND BOARD OF EDUCATION
MEMBERS JUST DEPENDING ON WHERE
THEY STAND THAT COULD GO EITHER
WAY AND THEN TEACHERS,
COUNCILORS AND SPECIAL
EDUCATION STAFF WILL BE A
STRONG PART OF AN ADVOCACY
GROUP AND THEY HAVE THE MOST
EXPERIENCE, THE MOST INPUT.
>> AND THEN LASTLY WE HAVE
ADVOCACY ORGANIZATIONS AND
NON-PROFITS AND THEN FORCES
AGAINST CHANGE.
WE HAVE BUDGET SHORTFALLS.
WE TALKED A LOT ABOUT THAT
THROUGHOUT THE PRESENTATION.
THAT'S SOMETHING THAT'S HARD TO
AVOID AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
AND THEN WE HAVE OPPOSITION
FROM GENERAL EDUCATION PARENTS
AND BOARD MEMBERS AND COUNCIL
MEMBERS AND THEN FEDERAL
ADMINISTRATION CUTS AND ALSO
JUST THE STIGMA AGAINST MENTAL
HEALTH AND DISABILITIES IN THIS
TIME UNFORTUNATELY.
>> BUT THAT WAS THE LAST
OF WHAT WAS GOING TO BE SHARED
.
THANK YOU.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT FIRST
OF ALL, VERY ENLIGHTENING
PRESENTATION.
I REALLY AM GRATEFUL FOR ALL
THE RESEARCH THAT YOU'VE DONE
PERSONALLY FROM WHAT I'VE SEEN
AND BY THE WAY, I DO APOLOGIZE
TO THE VIEWERS, TO ALL OF YOU I
NOTICED MY CONNECTION WAS
CHOPPY SO I JUST TURNED OFF MY
CAMERA FOR CONNECTION SPEED.
BUT YEAH, A LOT OF THIS I THINK
REALLY BRINGS TO LIGHT A LOT
OF , YOU KNOW, GOOD INFORMATION
BUT ALSO A LOT OF THE SAME
CHALLENGES.
AND I'M CURIOUS FOR FOR BOTH
OF YOU YOU KNOW, WHAT WERE SOME
OF THE SOLUTIONS THAT YOU FOUND
WITH SOME OF YOUR RESEARCH?
DID YOU GUYS COME UP WITH ANY
LIKE SOLUTIONS OR THINGS THAT
COULD BE DONE IN THE FUTURE TO,
YOU KNOW, ELIMINATE SOME
OF THESE OBSTACLES?
YEAH, OK.
IT LOOKS LIKE REMOVED AS A
PANELIST SO I DON'T KNOW HOW
THAT HAPPENS BUT I WILL ANSWER
THE QUESTION WHILE SHE TRIES TO
FIGURE THAT OUT.
>> LOOKING AT SOLUTIONS, I
THINK THAT WAS PART OF THOSE
THE BIGGEST OBSTACLE AND WHY WE
WANT TO PROPOSE AN ADVOCACY
GROUP BECAUSE THERE ISN'T A ONE
SIZE FITS ALL SOLUTION FOR THE
SORT OF THINGS AND THERE ARE SO
MANY DIFFERENT SIDES AND SO
MANY DIFFERENT PIECES AND WE
FELT THAT AND A GROUP
OF PARENTS AND STUDENTS AND
TEACHERS CONTINUOUSLY WORKING
AT THIS ISSUE IN THE SPACES
WHERE THEY CAN SPEAK AND HAVE
THEIR VOICES HEARD AND FIGURE
OUT WAYS IN WHICH THAT CAN
WHERE THEY CAN PUT THEIR IMPACT
AND HAVE STUFF LIKE THAT IS
WHAT MIGHT BE THE MOST
IMPACTFUL FOR THE ISSUE.
BUT OVERALL THERE ISN'T
NECESSARILY ONE SOLUTION AND I
THINK THAT WAS THE HARDEST PART
OF THIS PROJECT AFTER DOING ALL
OF OUR RESEARCH.
>> RIGHT, RIGHT.
EXACTLY.
I'M CURIOUS OF ANY OF ANY
OF THE OTHER COMMISSIONERS HAVE
ANY COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS FOR
JESSICA OR KATE AT THIS TIME?
>> COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE, HELLO
AND THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS
PRESENTATION TODAY TO YOU GUYS.
HAVE ANY ASKS OF US ARE YOU
SHARING PURELY FOR
INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES OR ARE
LOOKING FOR ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION?
WE WOULD LOVE ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION OR SUGGESTIONS
OF AVENUES WE CAN GO DOWN KIND
OF LIKE IT SAID AT THE
BEGINNING WE HAD A LOT
OF ROADBLOCKS AND THE BEGINNING
OF WHEN WE WERE TRYING TO REACH
OUT TO PEOPLE OF PEOPLE NOT
GETTING BACK TO US OR BEING
AFRAID TO SPEAK OR SAYING THEY
WEREN'T KNOWLEDGEABLE ENOUGH.
SO WE'RE JUST REALLY LOOKING
FOR ANYONE WHO HAS INFORMATION
TO SHARE OR HAS IDEAS OR STUFF
LIKE THAT JUST TO GET THE BALL
ROLLING.
OK WITH THAT SAID THEN I'LL
GIVE YOU MY MY WORK EMAIL
ADDRESS.
IT'S ALEX AT THE END.
DO YOU SMELL DOG?
I'D BE HAPPY TO TALK WITH YOU
GUYS.
EDUCATION IS NOT MY PARTICULAR
AREA OF STRENGTH BUT THERE ARE
SEVERAL ORGANIZATIONS IN THE
AREA THAT I COULD POINT YOU IN
THE DIRECTION TO.
>> THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH THAT YEAH.
SORRY I GOT KICKED OUT AND
SORRY ABOUT EVERYTHING WITH THE
WITH THE PRESENTATION BUT SO WE
WOULD LOVE KIND OF DIRECTION
WITH WHERE TO GO.
I FEEL LIKE WE GO INTO THIS NEW
THAT SPECIAL EDUCATION SERVICES
IN ANN ARBOR PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND
IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN GENERAL
ARE A PROBLEM RIGHT NOW.
BUT WHEN WE GOT SPECIFIC QUOTES
FROM PARENTS AND IN EACH
OF THESE ACTS AND SO WE
ESPECIALLY WITH US BEEN TRYING
TO SPEAK PTO NOT HAVING ENOUGH
KNOWLEDGE TO CONTINUE THE
CONVERSATION WITH US, WE TO USE
THIS AS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHERE TO GO NEXT, WHERE WE CAN
SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH
WHAT WE ARE MISSING SO THAT WE
CAN FURTHER DEVELOP THIS SO
THAT AN INTERVENTION WILL GO
AHEAD.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER, I'M JUST
GOING TO SAY ONE THING THAT I
CAN SAY IS THAT ONE OF THE
THINGS THAT THEY MET UP WERE UP
AGAINST WAS JUST RESISTANCE AND
KIND OF SHARING INFORMATION AND
I THINK SHARING IT IN THIS
PUBLIC FORUM AND HAVING PEOPLE
IN THE COMMISSION OR THE
COMMISSION ITSELF, FOR EXAMPLE,
CONTACTING SCHOOL BOARD AND
DEMANDING SOME MORE KIND
OF TRANSPARENT INFORMATION
CREATES PRESSURE THAT IS NEEDED
BECAUSE I THINK IT'S REALLY
ABOUT STARTING I WOULD HAVE A
COMMITTEE AS WELL.
I HAVE WENT THROUGH THE I HAVE
CHALLENGED THE SCHOOL SYSTEMS
WITH MY DAUGHTER WHO IS HEARING
IMPAIRED AND IT REALLY CAME
DOWN TO A COURT BATTLE AND ALL
THIS I CAN UNDERSTAND WHY IT'S
VERY HARD TO GET PARENTS TO
COOPERATE BECAUSE THEY CAN BE
UNDER AND MAYBE A LOT OF PEOPLE
DON'T KNOW THIS BUT YOU CAN BE
UNDER EXTREME PRESSURE.
WE ACTUALLY HAD TO EVENTUALLY
SEND OUR DAUGHTER UP.
FLETT THIS BUT WE HAD REPORTERS
FOLLOWING TRYING TO GET INTO
THE MEETINGS.
WE HAD PEOPLE TELLING US TO BE
QUIET AND WE HAD TO ADVOCATE.
>> IT'S VERY DIFFICULT.
SO THAT'S I CAN UNDERSTAND WHY
A LOT OF PARENTS DON'T DON'T
WANT TO COME FORWARD TO SHARE
ANY INFORMATION IT'S GOING TO
BE VERY DIFFICULT.
>> YES, EXACTLY.
AND THANK YOU FOR SHARING YOUR
PERSONAL STORY.
THE FACT THAT PEOPLE ARE
WORRIED THAT SHARING THEIR
EXPERIENCES COULD RESULT IN
FURTHER STIGMATIZATION FOR
THEIR CHILD IN SCHOOLS IS
REALLY CONCERNING AND I KNOW I
MADE I MADE THIS POINT BECAUSE
A LOT OF I WOULD IMAGINE THE
AVERAGE PERSON WHO HAS SENT
THEIR KIDS KIDS TO SCHOOL OR
HERE OR WHATNOT PROBABLY THINKS
WELL YEAH, IT'S NOT AS BAD AS
ALL THAT BUT YES,
IT IS.
SO YOU KNOW, I WANT TO JUST
KEEP THINGS MOVING ALONG HERE
TOO.
BUT JESSICA KATE, I MEAN PLEASE
FEEL FREE TO REACH OUT TO ME AS
WELL.
I THINK I CAN GIVE YOU ALSO
SOME GOOD RESOURCES THAT I
THINK MIGHT BE HELPFUL IN TERMS
OF , YOU KNOW, SPECIAL
EDUCATION ADVOCACY.
YOU KNOW, I BELIEVE THAT
EDUCATION FOR OUR YOUNG PEOPLE
IS, YOU KNOW, A GOOD A GOOD
RIGHT.
I BELIEVE THAT EVERYONE SHOULD
HAVE ACCESS TO EDUCATION TO
LEARN SKILLS.
THEY NEED TO BE INDEPENDENT AND
TO BE AS INDEPENDENT AS
POSSIBLE IN MY OPINION.
SO I FEEL VERY PASSIONATE ABOUT
IT.
AND THEN AS SOMEBODY WHO GREW
UP WITH A DISABILITY, YOU KNOW,
AND WHO WAS BORN WITH ONE, I
KNOW FIRSTHAND HOW HARD THAT
JOURNEY CAN BE.
AND SO, YOU KNOW, I'M WITH YOU
AND IF I CAN HELP YOU AND GIVE
YOU SOME RESOURCES HAPPY TO DO
SO AS WELL.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS
PLATFORM AND FOR EVERYONE'S
REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
>> YES.
THANK YOU.
ABSOLUTELY.
>> THANK YOU.
AND FEEL FREE TO FOLLOW UP.
ALL RIGHT.
>> THANK YOU.
MOVING ON TO THE NEXT
ALL RIGHT.
PRESENTATION WE HAVE THE
MOVING ON TO THE NEXT
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
PRESENTATION WE HAVE THE
AND PRINT DISABLED PRESENTATION
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
WITH ON CABBAGE.
AND PRINT DISABLED PRESENTATION
>> KATIE, GOOD AFTERNOON.
WITH ON CABBAGE.
HI EVERYBODY.
>> KATIE, GOOD AFTERNOON.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
HI EVERYBODY.
BEFORE I GET INTO THE THINGS
THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
THAT I'M GOING TO HIGHLIGHT
BEFORE I GET INTO THE THINGS
TODAY ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON AT
THAT I'M GOING TO HIGHLIGHT
THE LIBRARY, I WANTED TO THANK
TODAY ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON AT
THE COMMISSION FOR COMING TO
THE LIBRARY, I WANTED TO THANK
VISIONS TWENTY TWENTY FIVE.
THE COMMISSION FOR COMING TO
IT WAS A GREAT DAY.
VISIONS TWENTY TWENTY FIVE.
WE LOVED HAVING YOU ALL THERE
IT WAS A GREAT DAY.
AND IT WAS SO NICE TO BE ABLE
WE LOVED HAVING YOU ALL THERE
TO SEE EVERYBODY.
AND IT WAS SO NICE TO BE ABLE
WE GOT A TON OF GOOD FEEDBACK
TO SEE EVERYBODY.
AND WE'RE REALLY, REALLY
WE GOT A TON OF GOOD FEEDBACK
EXCITED TO DO IT AGAIN NEXT
AND WE'RE REALLY, REALLY
YEAR.
EXCITED TO DO IT AGAIN NEXT
SO WE'LL SEE YOU ALL VISIONS
YEAR.
TWENTY TWENTY SIX NEXT JUNE AND
SO WE'LL SEE YOU ALL VISIONS
AS SOON AS I HAVE THAT DAY I'LL
TWENTY TWENTY SIX NEXT JUNE AND
LET YOU ALL KNOW WHAT IT'S
AS SOON AS I HAVE THAT DAY I'LL
GOING TO BE.
LET YOU ALL KNOW WHAT IT'S
BUT RIGHT NOW WE HAVE SOME
GOING TO BE.
OTHER THINGS HAPPENING AT THE
BUT RIGHT NOW WE HAVE SOME
LIBRARY.
OTHER THINGS HAPPENING AT THE
THE BIG ONE THAT WE'VE GOT
LIBRARY.
GOING ON RIGHT NOW IS THE
THE BIG ONE THAT WE'VE GOT
SUMMER GAME AND THAT WILL BE
GOING ON RIGHT NOW IS THE
GOING ALL SUMMER LONG AT THE
SUMMER GAME AND THAT WILL BE
ANN ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY.
GOING ALL SUMMER LONG AT THE
YOU CAN USE THE LIBRARY THIS
ANN ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY.
SUMMER TO FIND CODE , SOLVE
YOU CAN USE THE LIBRARY THIS
PUZZLES, ATTEND EVENTS AND EARN
SUMMER TO FIND CODE , SOLVE
POINTS TOWARDS AWESOME ADLE
PUZZLES, ATTEND EVENTS AND EARN
PRIZES COURTESY OF THE ANN
POINTS TOWARDS AWESOME ADLE
ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY AND THE
PRIZES COURTESY OF THE ANN
FRIENDS OF THE ANN ARBOR
ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY AND THE
DISTRICT LIBRARY.
FRIENDS OF THE ANN ARBOR
YOU DON'T EVEN NEED A LIBRARY
DISTRICT LIBRARY.
CARD TO PLAY.
YOU DON'T EVEN NEED A LIBRARY
YOU DON'T EVEN NEED TO COME
CARD TO PLAY.
INTO THE LIBRARY TO PLAY.
YOU DON'T EVEN NEED TO COME
WE'VE GOT THIS HUGE GAME SET UP
INTO THE LIBRARY TO PLAY.
ONLINE AND IT'S A LOT OF FUN.
WE'VE GOT THIS HUGE GAME SET UP
SO VISIT PLAYED ADL ORG FOR
ONLINE AND IT'S A LOT OF FUN.
MORE INFORMATION AND TO GET
SO VISIT PLAYED ADL ORG FOR
STARTED WITH THAT A COUPLE
MORE INFORMATION AND TO GET
OF OTHER EVENTS WE HAVE INTRO
STARTED WITH THAT A COUPLE
TO 3D PRINTING THAT WILL BE ON
OF OTHER EVENTS WE HAVE INTRO
TUESDAY JUNE TWENTY FOURTH FROM
TO 3D PRINTING THAT WILL BE ON
FIVE THIRTY TO SEVEN THIRTY AT
TUESDAY JUNE TWENTY FOURTH FROM
THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY AND OUR
FIVE THIRTY TO SEVEN THIRTY AT
SECRET LAB IF YOU'RE INTERESTED
THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY AND OUR
IN LEARNING ABOUT 3D PRINTING
SECRET LAB IF YOU'RE INTERESTED
JOIN US FOR AN INFORMATIVE
IN LEARNING ABOUT 3D PRINTING
PROGRAM ABOUT THE HOBBY ITSELF
JOIN US FOR AN INFORMATIVE
AND THE LIBRARY'S RESOURCES FOR
PROGRAM ABOUT THE HOBBY ITSELF
3D PRINTING.
AND THE LIBRARY'S RESOURCES FOR
THE SACHEM WILL OFFER QUESTIONS
3D PRINTING.
AND ANSWERS AND YOU WILL BE
THE SACHEM WILL OFFER QUESTIONS
ABLE TO PRINT A SMALL OBJECT TO
AND ANSWERS AND YOU WILL BE
TAKE HOME.
ABLE TO PRINT A SMALL OBJECT TO
WE ALSO HAVE TASTE AND TELL
TAKE HOME.
LUKS POETICA EXPERIENCING
WE ALSO HAVE TASTE AND TELL
FLAVORS AND FRAGRANCES AND
LUKS POETICA EXPERIENCING
MODERN POETRY.
FLAVORS AND FRAGRANCES AND
THAT'S ON WEDNESDAY JUNE TWENTY
MODERN POETRY.
FIFTH FROM SIX TO SEVEN THIRTY
THAT'S ON WEDNESDAY JUNE TWENTY
PM THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY AND OUR
FIFTH FROM SIX TO SEVEN THIRTY
FOURTH FLOOR PROGRAM ROOM
PM THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY AND OUR
PASSAGES AND POETRY THAT
FOURTH FLOOR PROGRAM ROOM
REFERENCE FLAVORS AND
PASSAGES AND POETRY THAT
FRAGRANCES DRAWS INTO THE
REFERENCE FLAVORS AND
SENSORIAL EXPERIENCE AND
FRAGRANCES DRAWS INTO THE
IMAGINATION OF THE WRITER WHILE
SENSORIAL EXPERIENCE AND
SHINING LIGHT ON OUR OWN.
IMAGINATION OF THE WRITER WHILE
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE
SHINING LIGHT ON OUR OWN.
OF MODERN POETRY THAT EMBRACES
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE
THE PROSAIC IN PLACE OF RIGID,
OF MODERN POETRY THAT EMBRACES
RIGID, CODIFIED FORMS THE USE
THE PROSAIC IN PLACE OF RIGID,
OF A SHORTER FORMAT AND THE
RIGID, CODIFIED FORMS THE USE
IMMEDIACY IT OFFERS FACILITATES
OF A SHORTER FORMAT AND THE
IDENTIFICATION, CATHARSIS,
IMMEDIACY IT OFFERS FACILITATES
INSIGHT AND UNIVERSAL,
IDENTIFICATION, CATHARSIS,
UNIVERSAL AND UNIVERSAL
INSIGHT AND UNIVERSAL,
UNIVERSALIZATION.
UNIVERSAL AND UNIVERSAL
>> I KNEW I WAS GOING TO ASK
UNIVERSALIZATION.
THAT WORD.
>> I KNEW I WAS GOING TO ASK
I PRACTICED IT A BUNCH BUT
THAT WORD.
THOSE THINGS THAT ARE TYPICALLY
I PRACTICED IT A BUNCH BUT
ENCOUNTERED WHEN READING NOVELS
THOSE THINGS THAT ARE TYPICALLY
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE WHEN A
ENCOUNTERED WHEN READING NOVELS
FLAVOR OR FRAGRANCE REFERENCED
THIS IS ESPECIALLY TRUE WHEN A
IN A PROSE POEM IS LINKED TO
FLAVOR OR FRAGRANCE REFERENCED
THE READING EXPERIENCE WILL
IN A PROSE POEM IS LINKED TO
EXPLORE THESE PHENOMENA AT LUKS
THE READING EXPERIENCE WILL
POETICA WHERE PARTICIPANTS WILL
EXPLORE THESE PHENOMENA AT LUKS
TASTE AND SMELL INGREDIENTS
POETICA WHERE PARTICIPANTS WILL
USING PROFESSIONAL SENSORY
TASTE AND SMELL INGREDIENTS
EVALUATION TECHNIQUES DERIVED
USING PROFESSIONAL SENSORY
FROM PERFUMER AND FLAVORIST
EVALUATION TECHNIQUES DERIVED
TRAINING PRIOR TO READING
FROM PERFUMER AND FLAVORIST
RELATED PROSE POEMS SMALL TALK
TRAINING PRIOR TO READING
ABOUT SOME MATERIALS WASSENAAR
RELATED PROSE POEMS SMALL TALK
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND AND
ABOUT SOME MATERIALS WASSENAAR
DISABLED PATRONS CAN ORDER
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND AND
DIGITAL CARTRIDGES OR GET
DISABLED PATRONS CAN ORDER
STARTED WITH OUR SERVICE BY
DIGITAL CARTRIDGES OR GET
CALLING US AT SEVEN THREE FOUR
STARTED WITH OUR SERVICE BY
THREE TWO SEVEN FOUR TWO TWO
CALLING US AT SEVEN THREE FOUR
FOUR OR YOU CAN EMAIL US AT BE
THREE TWO SEVEN FOUR TWO TWO
PD AT ADL DOUG AND THEN WE
FOUR OR YOU CAN EMAIL US AT BE
ENCOURAGE FOLKS TO SIGN UP FOR
PD AT ADL DOUG AND THEN WE
THE BRAILLE AND AUDIO READING
ENCOURAGE FOLKS TO SIGN UP FOR
OR SERVICE CALLED BAADE WHERE
THE BRAILLE AND AUDIO READING
YOU CAN DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS
OR SERVICE CALLED BAADE WHERE
,YOU CAN VISIT ALL INSPIRED
YOU CAN DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS
LLC SEAGOVILLE OR CALL US AND
,YOU CAN VISIT ALL INSPIRED
WE CAN ASSIST WITH YOUR
LLC SEAGOVILLE OR CALL US AND
APPLICATION AND TELL YOU MORE
WE CAN ASSIST WITH YOUR
ABOUT THAT SERVICE.
APPLICATION AND TELL YOU MORE
>> SO SOME BOOKS THAT ARE BEEN
ABOUT THAT SERVICE.
RECENTLY ADDED THAT YOU CAN
>> SO SOME BOOKS THAT ARE BEEN
FIND ON BAADE YOU'VE GOT
RECENTLY ADDED THAT YOU CAN
UNMASKING FOR LIFE THE AUTISTIC
FIND ON BAADE YOU'VE GOT
PERSON'S GUIDE TO CONNECTING,
UNMASKING FOR LIFE THE AUTISTIC
LOVING AND LIVING AUTHENTICALLY
PERSON'S GUIDE TO CONNECTING,
BY DEVIN PRICE MOST MASKED
LOVING AND LIVING AUTHENTICALLY
ARTIST HAS SPENT A LIFETIME
BY DEVIN PRICE MOST MASKED
BEING TOLD HOW TO PERFORM NEURO
ARTIST HAS SPENT A LIFETIME
TYPICALLY HOW TO BEHAVE, HOW TO
BEING TOLD HOW TO PERFORM NEURO
CARRY THEMSELVES, WHAT TO FEEL
TYPICALLY HOW TO BEHAVE, HOW TO
AND HOW TO LIVE WITH HIS
CARRY THEMSELVES, WHAT TO FEEL
PREVIOUS BOOK UNMASKING AUTISM,
AND HOW TO LIVE WITH HIS
DR. DEVIN PRICE HAS GIVEN THEM
PREVIOUS BOOK UNMASKING AUTISM,
SPACE AND TOOLS TO UNMASK AND
DR. DEVIN PRICE HAS GIVEN THEM
EMBRACE THEIR NEW
SPACE AND TOOLS TO UNMASK AND
NEURODIVERSITY.
EMBRACE THEIR NEW
BUT NO MATTER WHERE YOU ARE IN
NEURODIVERSITY.
THE UNMASKING PROCESS, THERE IS
BUT NO MATTER WHERE YOU ARE IN
STILL WORK TO BE DONE BECAUSE
THE UNMASKING PROCESS, THERE IS
AUTISTIC PEOPLE OFTEN FEAR
STILL WORK TO BE DONE BECAUSE
CHANGE, STRUGGLE TO PROCESS
AUTISTIC PEOPLE OFTEN FEAR
UNFAMILIAR SITUATIONS AND HAVE
CHANGE, STRUGGLE TO PROCESS
TRAUMA HISTORIES OF CONDITION
UNFAMILIAR SITUATIONS AND HAVE
THEM TO AVOID CONFLICT.
TRAUMA HISTORIES OF CONDITION
THEY DON'T ALWAYS KNOW HOW TO
THEM TO AVOID CONFLICT.
TRANSFORM THEIR INNER
THEY DON'T ALWAYS KNOW HOW TO
REVELATIONS INTO OUTER
TRANSFORM THEIR INNER
REALITIES.
REVELATIONS INTO OUTER
THEY NEED MORE THAN INTERNAL
REALITIES.
HEALING.
THEY NEED MORE THAN INTERNAL
THEY NEED PRACTICAL TOOLS TO
HEALING.
TRANSLATE ACCEPTANCE INTO
THEY NEED PRACTICAL TOOLS TO
ASSERTIVENESS AND INTERPERSONAL
TRANSLATE ACCEPTANCE INTO
EFFECTIVENESS.
ASSERTIVENESS AND INTERPERSONAL
ENTER UNMASKING FOR LIFE, WHICH
EFFECTIVENESS.
PROVIDES RESOURCES TO HELP YOU
ENTER UNMASKING FOR LIFE, WHICH
ADVOCATE FOR YOUR NEEDS AND
PROVIDES RESOURCES TO HELP YOU
INVENT NEW WAYS OF LIVING,
ADVOCATE FOR YOUR NEEDS AND
LOVING AND BEING THAT WORK WITH
INVENT NEW WAYS OF LIVING,
YOUR DISABILITY RATHER THAN
LOVING AND BEING THAT WORK WITH
AGAINST IT.
YOUR DISABILITY RATHER THAN
>> AND FINALLY, HOW CAN I HELP
AGAINST IT.
SAVING NATURE WITH YOUR YARD BY
>> AND FINALLY, HOW CAN I HELP
DOUGLAS W. TELL ME AND HOW CAN
SAVING NATURE WITH YOUR YARD BY
I HELP TELL ME TACKLES THE
DOUGLAS W. TELL ME AND HOW CAN
QUESTIONS COMMONLY ASKED AS HIS
I HELP TELL ME TACKLES THE
POPULAR LECTURES AND CHAIR IS
QUESTIONS COMMONLY ASKED AS HIS
COMPELLING AND ACTIONABLE
POPULAR LECTURES AND CHAIR IS
ANSWERS THAT WILL HELP
COMPELLING AND ACTIONABLE
GARDENERS AND HOMEOWNERS TAKE A
ANSWERS THAT WILL HELP
NEXT STEP IN THEIR ECOLOGICAL
GARDENERS AND HOMEOWNERS TAKE A
JOURNEY.
NEXT STEP IN THEIR ECOLOGICAL
TOPICS RANGE FROM ECOLOGY,
JOURNEY.
EVOLUTION, BIODIVERSITY AND
TOPICS RANGE FROM ECOLOGY,
CONSERVATION TO RESTORATION
EVOLUTION, BIODIVERSITY AND
NATIVE PLANTS, INVASIVE SPECIES
CONSERVATION TO RESTORATION
PEST CONTROL AND SUPPORTING
NATIVE PLANTS, INVASIVE SPECIES
WILDLIFE AT HOME TELL ME KEENLY
PEST CONTROL AND SUPPORTING
UNDERSTANDS THAT MOST PEOPLE
WILDLIFE AT HOME TELL ME KEENLY
WANT TO TAKE PART IN AN
UNDERSTANDS THAT MOST PEOPLE
CONSERVA EFFORTS BUT OFTEN FEEL
WANT TO TAKE PART IN AN
POWERLESS TO DO SO AS
CONSERVA EFFORTS BUT OFTEN FEEL
INDIVIDUALS.
POWERLESS TO DO SO AS
BUT ONE PERSON CAN MAKE A
INDIVIDUALS.
DIFFERENCE AND HOW CAN I HELP
BUT ONE PERSON CAN MAKE A
DETAILS HOW WHETHER BY REDUCING
DIFFERENCE AND HOW CAN I HELP
YOUR LAWN PLANTING A HANDFUL
DETAILS HOW WHETHER BY REDUCING
OF NATIVE SPECIES OR ALLOWING
YOUR LAWN PLANTING A HANDFUL
LEAVES TO SIT UNTOUCHED YOU
OF NATIVE SPECIES OR ALLOWING
WILL BE INSPIRED AND EMPOWERED
LEAVES TO SIT UNTOUCHED YOU
TO JOIN MILLIONS OF OTHER LIKE
WILL BE INSPIRED AND EMPOWERED
MINDED PEOPLE TO BECOME THE
TO JOIN MILLIONS OF OTHER LIKE
FUTURE OF BACKYARD CONSERVATION
MINDED PEOPLE TO BECOME THE
OF AND THAT IS EVERYTHING I
FUTURE OF BACKYARD CONSERVATION
HAVE FOR YOU TODAY.
OF AND THAT IS EVERYTHING I
>> DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
HAVE FOR YOU TODAY.
COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS FOR ME?
>> DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
>> YES, I DO.
COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS FOR ME?
OH GO AHEAD LARRY.
>> YES, I DO.
GO AHEAD.
OH GO AHEAD LARRY.
>> GO AHEAD.
GO AHEAD.
I'LL GO TO YOU.
>> GO AHEAD.
SURE.
I'LL GO TO YOU.
WELL I JUST WANTED TO THANK
SURE.
KATIE AND THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY
WELL I JUST WANTED TO THANK
FOR AN OUTSTANDING VISIONS
KATIE AND THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY
TODAY.
FOR AN OUTSTANDING VISIONS
I GOT A LOT OF GREAT FEEDBACK
TODAY.
AS WELL.
I GOT A LOT OF GREAT FEEDBACK
>> AND I HAVE TO TELL YOU FOLKS
AS WELL.
IT IS ONE OF THE MOST THINGS
>> AND I HAVE TO TELL YOU FOLKS
YOU CUT OUT, YOU CUT OUT THAT
IT IS ONE OF THE MOST THINGS
CAN YOU CAN YOU SAY THAT AGAIN?
YOU CUT OUT, YOU CUT OUT THAT
>> SURE.
CAN YOU CAN YOU SAY THAT AGAIN?
I JUST WANTED TO THANK YOU,
>> SURE.
KATIE AND ALL OF THE DOWNTOWN
I JUST WANTED TO THANK YOU,
LIBRARY STAFF FOR AN AMAZING
KATIE AND ALL OF THE DOWNTOWN
EVENT.
LIBRARY STAFF FOR AN AMAZING
I GOT A LOT OF GREAT FEEDBACK
EVENT.
AND I HAVE TO TELL YOU IT IS
I GOT A LOT OF GREAT FEEDBACK
ONE OF THE GREAT EXPERIENCES TO
AND I HAVE TO TELL YOU IT IS
BE THERE WORKING A TABLE AND
ONE OF THE GREAT EXPERIENCES TO
SEEING INDIVIDUALS WITH
BE THERE WORKING A TABLE AND
DISABILITIES FROM AROUND THE
SEEING INDIVIDUALS WITH
STATE COMING TO THE EVENT AND
DISABILITIES FROM AROUND THE
SEEING THEIR EYES AND SMILES
STATE COMING TO THE EVENT AND
AND FACES LIGHT UP WITH HOPE
SEEING THEIR EYES AND SMILES
AND ENTHUSIASM FOR ALL OF THE
AND FACES LIGHT UP WITH HOPE
RESOURCES THAT ARE AVAILABLE TO
AND ENTHUSIASM FOR ALL OF THE
THEM THAT THEY DIDN'T
RESOURCES THAT ARE AVAILABLE TO
NECESSARILY KNOW WERE
THEM THAT THEY DIDN'T
AVAILABLE.
NECESSARILY KNOW WERE
>> SO I JUST WANTED TO THANK
AVAILABLE.
YOU, KATIE, FOR ALL OF YOUR
>> SO I JUST WANTED TO THANK
HARD AND YOUR WHOLE TEAM FOR
YOU, KATIE, FOR ALL OF YOUR
PUTTING THAT EVENT TOGETHER I
HARD AND YOUR WHOLE TEAM FOR
AM EXCITED TO, YOU KNOW, HAVE
PUTTING THAT EVENT TOGETHER I
KODAI HOPEFULLY THERE AGAIN
AM EXCITED TO, YOU KNOW, HAVE
NEXT YEAR AND YEAH DO IT ALL
KODAI HOPEFULLY THERE AGAIN
OVER AGAIN.
NEXT YEAR AND YEAH DO IT ALL
>> MM HMM.
OVER AGAIN.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> MM HMM.
IT'S SO NICE TO KNOW THAT
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YOU'RE OUT THERE IN THE CROWD
IT'S SO NICE TO KNOW THAT
OFFERING A SMILE BACK TO THE
YOU'RE OUT THERE IN THE CROWD
PEOPLE WHO ARE COMING TO THE
OFFERING A SMILE BACK TO THE
EVENT AND MAKING THEM FEEL
PEOPLE WHO ARE COMING TO THE
COMFORTABLE AS THEY TRAVERSE
EVENT AND MAKING THEM FEEL
ALL THE DIFFERENT VENDORS AND
COMFORTABLE AS THEY TRAVERSE
EVERYTHING SO THANKS AGAIN FOR
ALL THE DIFFERENT VENDORS AND
BEING THERE.
EVERYTHING SO THANKS AGAIN FOR
>> APPRECIATE IT.
BEING THERE.
SURE.
>> APPRECIATE IT.
ABSOLUTELY.
SURE.
>> VICE CHAIRMAN.
ABSOLUTELY.
GO AHEAD.
>> VICE CHAIRMAN.
GO US.
GO AHEAD.
WE HAD A PRESENCE THERE.
GO US.
I OR I THOUGHT IT WAS GREAT TO
WE HAD A PRESENCE THERE.
OF COURSE I I ALWAYS KNOW A LOT
I OR I THOUGHT IT WAS GREAT TO
OF PEOPLE THAT COME DOWN AND
OF COURSE I I ALWAYS KNOW A LOT
AND I GO TALK TO THEM AND I DID
OF PEOPLE THAT COME DOWN AND
LEAVE THE TABLE A LOT BUT
AND I GO TALK TO THEM AND I DID
BELIEVE ME I WAS TALKING ABOUT
LEAVE THE TABLE A LOT BUT
THE COMMISSION AND EVERYTHING
BELIEVE ME I WAS TALKING ABOUT
ELSE TOO.
THE COMMISSION AND EVERYTHING
BUT I WOULD LIKE TO SPEND I
ELSE TOO.
WOULD LIKE TO THANK THE VENDOR.
BUT I WOULD LIKE TO SPEND I
I WOULD LIKE YOU TO THANK THE
WOULD LIKE TO THANK THE VENDOR.
VENDORS THIS TIME THAT THE HOT
I WOULD LIKE YOU TO THANK THE
DOGS OF COURSE WERE GREAT BUT
VENDORS THIS TIME THAT THE HOT
THE CHICAGO DOGS AROUND AT THIS
DOGS OF COURSE WERE GREAT BUT
POINT.
THE CHICAGO DOGS AROUND AT THIS
BUT ALSO THEY WERE I WATCHED
POINT.
THEM I WAS DOWN THERE.
BUT ALSO THEY WERE I WATCHED
I KIND OF PAID ATTENTION TO
THEM I WAS DOWN THERE.
THEM AND THEY WERE VERY
I KIND OF PAID ATTENTION TO
EXTREMELY HELPFUL WITH EVERYONE
THEM AND THEY WERE VERY
.
EXTREMELY HELPFUL WITH EVERYONE
THEY WERE THEY WOULD BRING YOU
.
YOUR FOOD OUT TO THE TABLE AS
THEY WERE THEY WOULD BRING YOU
IF YOU ASKED THEM THEY WOULD
YOUR FOOD OUT TO THE TABLE AS
THEY WOULD TELL YOU HOW MUCH
IF YOU ASKED THEM THEY WOULD
EVERYTHING WAS AND THEY WERE
THEY WOULD TELL YOU HOW MUCH
JUST IT WAS JUST AMAZING.
EVERYTHING WAS AND THEY WERE
I REALLY LIKE THE PEOPLE OVER
JUST IT WAS JUST AMAZING.
THERE THAT CAME IN FOR THE HOT
I REALLY LIKE THE PEOPLE OVER
DOGS SO KEEP THEM WE PLAN ON
THERE THAT CAME IN FOR THE HOT
IT.
DOGS SO KEEP THEM WE PLAN ON
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THAT
IT.
FEEDBACK, LARRY.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THAT
WE FOUND THE SAME THING WITH
FEEDBACK, LARRY.
THEM.
WE FOUND THE SAME THING WITH
THEY'RE REALLY A TREASURED
THEM.
VENDOR OF OURS AND WE HOPE THAT
THEY'RE REALLY A TREASURED
THEY'LL KEEP COMING BACK FOR
VENDOR OF OURS AND WE HOPE THAT
ANYBODY THAT WASN'T THERE AND
THEY'LL KEEP COMING BACK FOR
DIDN'T GET TO EXPERIENCE THEM.
ANYBODY THAT WASN'T THERE AND
THEIR NAME IS
THE ROAD DOGS AND
THEY'VE BEEN WITH US FOR THE
LAST COUPLE OF VISIONS AND THEY
ARE JUST REALLY, TRULY GREAT
AND MAKE SURE EVERYBODY GETS
WHAT THEY NEEDS.
AND YES, I AGREE WITH YOU,
LARRY, THAT THEY DO HAVE THE
BEST CHICAGO DOG AROUND.
>> OH, AND THOSE STUDENTS AS
WELL, THE ONES THAT THAT IQ IS
THE BRAILLE STUFF BECAUSE IT
TURNED OUT GREAT.
IT WAS PRETTY GOOD.
>> YEAH.
I APPRECIATE THAT COMMENT AS
WELL AND THANKS TO YOU, LARRY,
BECAUSE WE REALLY DID HAVE A
LITTLE BIT OF A CHALLENGE THIS
YEAR PRODUCING OUR BRAILLE
PROGRAMS.
WE WERE REALLY WANTED TO BE
COMMITTED TO HAVING THOSE IN
BRAILLE GRADE TWO THIS YEAR AND
LARRY CAME DOWN TO THE LIBRARY
AND LET ME KNOW THAT WE WEREN'T
DOING IT QUITE RIGHT.
SO I APPRECIATED THAT AND WE
WERE ABLE TO THEN TAKE THE NEXT
STEP TO BRING IN SOME TEACHERS
FROM THE WASHTENAW INTERMEDIATE
SCHOOL DISTRICT WHO SAT DOWN
WITH OUR PRINTER AND WERE ABLE
TO TALK US THROUGH IT AND AND
WE WERE SUCCESSFULLY ABLE TO
PRINT THOSE PROGRAMS.
>> SO APPRECIATE EVERYBODY'S
HELP WITH THAT OUTSTANDING.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR KATIE
AT THIS TIME, FOLKS?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, THANK YOU, KATIE AND
THANK YOU EVERYONE AT THE
LIBRARY AS ALWAYS.
I'M NEXT WE'RE GOING TO MOVE ON
TO DISABILITY NETWORK WATCHING
ON MONROE LIVINGSTON AND THEIR
REPORT WITH ANDREA.
>> ANDREA, GOOD AFTERNOON.
OH, GOOD AFTERNOON.
I JUST WANT TO TAKE THE
OPPORTUNITY IF YOU'LL INDULGE
ME ONE MORE TIME TO INVITE YOU
TO OUR THIRTY JUST THIS
CELEBRATION FOR THE THIRTY
FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT
WE ADD DISABILITY ARE HOSTING A
CELEBRATION ON SATURDAY JULY
TWENTY SIXTH FROM NOON TO 5:00
P.M. WITH FREE FOOD AND DRINKS
A DISABILITY PRIDE ART
EXHIBITION, LIVE PERFORMANCES
AT MUSIC FEATURED SPEAKERS
COLLABORATIVE ART PROJECT
ISLAMIC STATION FACE PAINTING,
ADAPTIVE SPORTS DEMOS,
COMMUNITY INFORMATION TABLES
AND SO MUCH MORE.
SO PLEASE FEEL FREE TO JOIN US
TO CELEBRATE THE 30TH
ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN
DISABILITIES ACT ON SATURDAY
JULY TWENTY SIX FROM NINE TO
FIVE P.M. AT DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW OFFICE AND RESEARCH
PARK DRIVE.
>> THAT IS ALL I HAVE FOR THE
COMMISSION TODAY UNLESS ANYBODY
HAS ANY QUESTIONS.
HELLO THIS IS YOUR NAME AND NO
QUESTION JUST COMMENT VERY
EXCITED FOR THIS EVENT AS
DISABILITY NETWORK ALWAYS DOES
A WONDERFUL JOB IN RECOGNIZING
THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE
AMERICANS DISABILITIES ACT AND
I ENCOURAGE ALL OF THE VIEWERS
AND OUR FULL COMMISSION TO COME
OUT IF WE CAN AND FULLY SUPPORT
OF THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE
AMERICAN CIVIL RIGHTS.
ALWAYS A GREAT TIME AND GUYS,
THEY HAVE GREAT FOOD AND IT'S
WONDERFUL WEATHER SO COME OUT
ENJOY IS ALWAYS GREAT
ACTIVITIES.
YOU KNOW, LAST YEAR THEY HAD
TIE DYEING SHIRTS BECAUSE IT
WAS TIED DYNAMITE LAST YEAR
WHICH WAS AMAZING THIS YEAR I
DON'T KNOW I DON'T WANT TO
SPOIL ALL THE SURPRISES BUT I'M
SURE IT'S GOING TO BE GREAT.
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE ALEX, YOU
HAVE A COUPLE.
>> YEAH, THANK YOU.
I JUST WANT TO MENTION ALSO IN
ADDITION TO OUR A.D.A
CELEBRATION ON JULY 1ST WHICH
IS A TUESDAY AND I'VE GOT TO
FIND THE PAGE AGAIN NOW WE ARE
GOING TO BE DOING A DOCUMENTARY
CALLED REMEMBERING WILLOWBROOK
FOR THOSE WHO DON'T KNOW IT WAS
STATE RUN INSTITUTION THAT WAS
RUN INCREDIBLY POORLY AFFECTING
A LOT OF PEOPLE'S LIVES AND THE
LIVES OF A LOT OF PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES.
BUT THAT'LL BE OCCURRING ON
TUESDAY, JULY 1ST FROM ONE TO
TWO THIRTY AND IT IS HYBRID.
SO THERE WILL BE AN OPPORTUNITY
TO PARTICIPATE VIRTUALLY FOR
FOLKS WHO ARE INTERESTED IF YOU
NEED MORE INFORMATION JUST GO
TO OUR WEBSITE.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU, ALEX, FOR MENTIONING
REMEMBERING WILLOWBROOK AS
WELL.
I BELIEVE I'VE SENT INFORMATION
THAT TO THE COMMISSION I CAN
RESEND BECAUSE I WOULD REALLY
LIKE A STRONG ATTENDANCE FOR
THAT AS WELL.
AND IF ALL OF US COMMISSIONERS
CANNOT ATTEND THAT, PLEASE SEND
IT TO OTHERS THOUGH AND THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY VERY, VERY
MOVING SUBJECT MATTER AND
SHOULD BE A GREAT EVENT.
AND IF YOU CAN'T MAKE IT LIKE
ALEX SAID IN PERSON, JUST KNOW
IT IS VIRTUAL AS WELL.
>> THANK YOU.
I'LL WRITE ANYTHING ELSE FOR
ANDREA OR DISABILITY NETWORK.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE PARTNERS AND
ACCESS COMMITTEE REPORT WITH
LARRY KEILLER.
YEAH THAT IS KIND OF SHORT THIS
THAT IS KIND OF SHORT, MR.
HAWKINS THAT I WERE THERE AND I
JUST REVIEWED THAT I IN REVIEW
I JUST I CHECKED OUT THE
DEPARTMENT SUSTAINABILITY AND
GOT A COUPLE OF THROWN CARDS TO
TO TRY OUT AND GAVE MY CONCERNS
TO THE PEOPLE ABOUT THE THROWN
BATHROOMS AND I AGAIN MENTIONED
THE THIRD THREE
THE THIRD
STREET STAIRS AGAIN AND SO I
HAVEN'T GOT ANY ANSWER THERE
AND NOW I'M GOING TO LOOK INTO
WITH THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION OVER THIS SUMMER
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS MENTIONED
THE FACT THAT WE HAD THERE'S
ABOUT A MILE OF PLYMOUTH ROAD.
I THINK IT'S FROM WILLOW TREE
PAST BARTON HILLS AND DOWN
DOWNTOWN THAT TEST DRIVE IT
DOWN THAT WAY THERE'S A AT A
CURB WHERE THERE THERE'S
ABSOLUTELY NO CROSSWALKS AND
SOMEBODY GOT KILLED OVER THERE
A LITTLE WHILE AGO.
>> SHE WANTS TO SEE IF THEY CAN
PUT IN A CROSSWALK OR TWO DOWN
THERE SO THAT PEOPLE DON'T HAVE
TO GO SO FAR TO TRY TO CROSS
THE STREET AND I ALSO MENTIONED
THAT I WAS GOING TO BRING I WAS
GOING TO BRING THAT UP AND I
ALSO HAVE A CONCERN ABOUT I WAS
REACHED FOR CONCERN TO PUT A
P.S. ON FERNWOOD BATTERED
BECAUSE THERE'S PEOPLE OUT IN
THE WAY THAT WALK ON THE WAY TO
SCARLET SCHOOL AND THINGS THAT
IT'S A LITTLE TOUGH ACROSS
THERE AND THAT'S ALL WE HAD.
AND IF ANYBODY HAS ANY CONCERNS
,YOU KNOW, PASS IT TO THE
COMMISSION AND I CAN MAKE MAKE
IT AWARE THAT MAKE MAKE THE
PEOPLE AWARE THAT WE CAN MAYBE
WORK ON SOME OF THIS STUFF THIS
SUMMER AND BE ABLE TO PRESENT
SOME THINGS IN SEPTEMBER.
I WILL AT LEAST BE OPEN TO
CONTACTING PEOPLE IF I CAN TELL
THAT'S IT FOR THE
TRANSPORTATION AND THAT'S IT
FOR THAT.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
IT SEEMS LIKE WE HAVE A COUPLE
OF COMMENTS SO COMMISSIONER
MOSADDEQ WILL GO WITH YOU FIRST
AND THEN WE'LL GO WITH COUNCIL
MEMBER COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, CHAIRMAN LARRY, I
HAVE A QUESTION SO I WROTE DOWN
TO GO CHECK OUT THIRD STREET.
I WAS REMISS IN WRITING WHERE
ON THIRD STREET THE STREETS
KIND OF A LONG CORRIDOR.
SO COULD YOU SHARE AGAIN THE
CROSS STREET THIRD AREA
LIBRARY.
IT'S ON THE NORTH SIDE
OF LIBERTY AND THE WEST SIDE
OF THIRD STREET ABOUT HALFWAY
DOWN THERE'S THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
I GOT I GOT SOME WEATHER THAT
I'M SHUTTING OFF AND SO IT'S
BETWEEN IT'S LIKE RIGHT ACROSS
FROM THE LUTHERAN CHURCH DOWN
THERE ON THIRD STREET HALFWAY
THE BLOCK NORTHWEST CORNER
OF WEST SIDE I GUESS THE NORTH
SIDE OF WEST SIDE OF THIRD AND
NORTH SIDE OF LIBERTY.
>> THERE WE GO.
PERFECT.
I'M GOING TO GO CHECK ABOUT
HALFWAY HOME.
>> OK, ALL RIGHT.
SO NO YOU HAVE A COMMENT
.
HI.
SORRY I JUST TOOK A SECOND TO
THIS IS THIS IS ISAIAH TOOK A
SECOND TO LOWER MY HAND SO I
THESE ARE ALL REALLY GREAT,
LARRY AND I HATE TO ASK YOU TO
DO SOMETHING ELSE BUT IF YOU
COULD EMAIL ME THIS AND THEN
WHAT I CAN DO IS I CAN I'M
PLANNING TO MEET WITH A PUBLIC
SERVICE DIRECTOR SOON SO THAT I
CAN ALSO BRING THESE UP AND I
CAN ADVOCATE OR LOOK AT YOU
KNOW, COULD THIS BE AN
AMENDMENT OF SOME SORT OR
SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
>> IS IT POSSIBLE OK, YES.
IT'S POSSIBLE.
OK, GREAT.
I KNOW YOU BROUGHT THIS UP BUT
YEAH I COULD DO THAT AND I'M
ALSO BRINGING THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION TO I
THINK THAT'S GREAT.
>> THAT'S REALLY GREAT BY BOTH
SIDES.
>> OK, THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
THANK YOU LARRY.
APPRECIATE YOU BOTH.
YOU ARE ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU LARRY FOR THAT.
I'M NEXT IF THERE IS NOTHING
ELSE FOR PARTNERS AND ACCESS
WE'RE MOVING ON TO THE
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE
REPORT WITH COMMISSIONER RACHEL
HAWKINS.
>> RACHEL, GOOD AFTERNOON.
HELLO EVERYBODY.
SO HER IN OUR INCLUSIVE THEY'VE
RECENTLY FILMED THEIR EPISODE
FOR THIS MONTH WITH BEST
BUDDIES THAT SHOULD BE COMING
OUT TOWARDS THE END OF THE
MONTH ON THEIR YOUTUBE CHANNEL
.
SO MORE TO COME FROM THEM SOON
>> BUT THAT THAT WAS THE LATEST
UPDATE I HAVE SO AND IT LOOKS
LIKE THEY WOULD ALSO BE
INTERESTED IN SEEING IF ANYONE
FROM THE COMMISSION WOULD BE
INTERESTED IN HOSTING IN OUR
INCLUSIVE IN THE FUTURE.
SO THAT IS ALSO ANOTHER
OPPORTUNITY THAT PEOPLE MAY
HAVE ACCESS TO IF THEY'D BE
INTERESTED IN AND TAKING ON A
LARGER ROLE WITH INCONCLUSIVE.
RACHEL, JUST TO CLARIFY IS SO
CLEAR FROM DISABILITY NETWORK
IS STEPPING DOWN.
>> MELISSA'S EMAIL DID NOT SAY
THAT.
>> SHE JUST SAID IT SHE JUST
SAID WOULD SHE SUCH A SIDE NOTE
WOULD YOU HAVE WOULD YOU ALL
HAVE AN INTEREST IN HOSTING IN
OUR RECLUSIVE IN THE FUTURE?
SO I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S ON A
SHORT TERM BASIS OR ON A YOU
KNOW, A LONG TERM BASIS.
>> SO I'LL I'LL RESPOND TO HER
AND JUST LET HER KNOW THAT
WE'RE DISCUSSING IT.
BUT ANYONE CAN REACH TO ME OR
ZACH IF THERE'S ANY INTEREST IN
THAT EXPLICITLY.
YEAH, SURE.
THANK YOU, RACHEL.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT UPDATE.
THANK YOU.
TO THE COMMUNITY TELEVISION
NETWORK TO DISABILITY NETWORK
AND TO YOU KNOW ALL THE PEOPLE
THAT HAVE WORKED ON ANN ARBOR
INCLUSIVE THUS FAR TO KEEP IT
MOVING, KEEP IT GOING.
YOU KNOW IT IS AN AWARD WINNING
DAYTIME PROGRAM, FOLKS THAT THE
COMMISSION REALLY SUPPORTS AND
I THINK IT OFFERS GREAT
RESOURCES AND GREAT PERSPECTIVE
IN THE COMMUNITY.
SO YEAH, I THINK THAT'S
SOMETHING HOPEFULLY WE CAN
DISCUSS AS A COMMISSION IN THE
FALL.
RACHEL, YOU SHOULD ALSO ASK
WHEN KEATON WOULD NEED TO KNOW
BECAUSE WE'RE GOING ON A RECESS
SO THERE'S GOING TO BE THAT
BREAK IN JULY AND AUGUST.
SO WE'D PROBABLY HAVE TO PICK
UP THAT CONVERSATION IN
SEPTEMBER.
>> OK, I'LL LET MELISSA KNOW
AND LET YOU KNOW WHAT I HEAR
BACK FROM HER.
>> OK, THANK YOU.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR RACHEL
AT THIS TIME?
>> ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO RECRUITING
ACTIVITY WITH LARRY KEYLA LARRY
.
>> WELL, WE HAVEN'T GOT IT AS
FAR AS I KNOW.
WE HAVEN'T GOT HAD ANY
APPLICATIONS IN THAT I KNOW
OF BUT WE DID AT VISIONS WE DID
PASS OUT INFORMATION AND WE DID
TALK TO LOCAL PEOPLE ABOUT THE
COMMISSION AT SOME LENGTH AND
WELL SOME OF THE PEOPLE WEREN'T
LOCAL AND INTERESTING BUT WE
TALKED AND WE PUT OUT THE
MESSAGE AND WE PUT OUT OUR
FLIERS AND HOPEFULLY WE'LL GET
I THINK WE'VE GOT ONE SPOT
THAT'S OPENING UP AND SO
HOPEFULLY WE'LL HAVE A
RECRUITER TO COME IN OVER THE
SUMMER AND I'M GUESSING THAT IF
WE GET A RECRUIT THAT MAY WHO
IS THAT APPLICATION COMES TO
OUR ATTENTION AT I WOULD BE
WILLING TO INTERVIEW DURING THE
SUMMER IF IF OUR SHARE WOULD BE
WILLING TO DO IT SOMETIME ALSO
DURING THE SUMMER.
>> BUT SO FAR WE HAVEN'T GOT
ANYTHING ON DECK.
>> THANK YOU, LARRY.
AND JUST TO BE CLEAR, I DID
FIND OUT TODAY JUST SO FOR OUR
RECORDS AND FOR RECRUITMENT
RECORDS WE DO THAT CURRENTLY
HAVE TWO VACANCIES ON THE
COMMISSION AS OF RIGHT NOW.
>> OH, JUST ONE I SAID CORRECT
AND COOL.
>> YEAH.
SO WE DO HAVE TWO VACANCIES AND
SO THE GOOD THING IS IS THAT IF
WE GET SOME OTHER APPLICATIONS
IN THERE YEAH.
HOPEFULLY WE CAN FORM AN
INTERVIEW COMMITTEE AND GO
THROUGH THE DUE PROCESSES THERE
AND VERY HAPPY TO WORK WITH YOU
ANY TIME ON THAT AND KEEP THAT
MOVING ALL RIGHT.
ANYTHING ELSE FOR RECRUITING
LARRY?
OH NO.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON, LARRY, DON'T GO
ANYWHERE BECAUSE WE HAVE THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE WITH YOU, LARRY KEELER.
>> WELL, NO, THERE WASN'T MUCH
THAT I TRIED TO PRETTY MUCH
TAKE ANYTHING THAT CONCERNS US
AND THERE THERE WASN'T MUCH WE
DID WE DID APPROVE THE PLAY
OF THE MAKING OF A SUBCOMMITTEE
FOR NEXT TO PRESENT POLICIES,
SUGGESTIONS TO CITY HALL AND WE
ALSO THEY TALKED A LOT ABOUT
THE COMPREHENSIVE LAND USE PLAN
WHICH I'M SEEING PART OF OVER
HERE NEXT TO ME WHICH IS
THERE'S SO MUCH TO DO WITH
TRANSPORTATION BUT IN THIS CASE
BUILDING AND THEN THERE WAS AN
OVERVIEW OF ALL THIS ALL THE
ROADS THAT ARE BEING WORKED ON
IN THERE TOO LONG TO LIST BUT
SOME OF THEM ARE THEY'RE GOING
TO BE WORKING UP ON PLYMOUTH
ROAD AND THEY'RE GOING TO BE
WORKING UP A LOT ON AN
APPALLING STADIUM HERE NEAR ME
AND THEY'RE GOING TO BE WORKING
OUT HERE ON A LOT AND OF COURSE
I STILL THINK THEY'VE GOT
MILLER GOING AND SOME OF THE
OTHER STREETS.
THE HOSPITAL IS JUST ABOUT
FINISHED.
THEY'RE DOING A LOT THAT
CONSTRUCTION AND THERE WAS ALSO
A PROPOSAL FROM SOMEONE FROM
ONE OF OUR COUNCIL MEMBERS THAT
THEY CLOSE THIS HOUR.
THEY STOP THE FLASHING YELLOW
ARROWS FOR TRAFFIC THAT THEY
THE PEOPLE ARE FINDING THE
FLASHING YELLOW ARROWS
CONFUSING I'M NOT SURE EXACTLY
WHAT'S CONFUSING ABOUT THEM
BECAUSE I DON'T SEE THEM BUT
OBVIOUSLY SOME PEOPLE THINK
THEY'RE THEY'RE CONFUSING IN
THE HEAD OF THE ACCIDENT REPORT
,THE ONES TO MENTION WHERE
THERE WAS AN ACCIDENT ON
PAULENE AND THERE WAS AN
ACCIDENT ON PLYMOUTH AND
ANOTHER ONE ON HERE ON THAT
CAUSED SOME CONCERN.
SO THE NEXT MEETING IS TONIGHT
AT SEVEN AND ALSO I WILL BE
ATTENDING BUT I'LL PROBABLY
MAKE EITHER SHORT NOTES OR NO
NOTES FOR JUNE OR JULY.
>> I MAY MAKE SHORT NOTES
SOMETHING THAT CONCERNS US BUT
IN AUGUST I'LL WRITE A FULL
PLAN A. BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT I'M
GOING TO SEPS WHEN YOU MEETING
IS SO THE REPORT SHOULD BE A
LITTLE BIT LONGER IN SEPTEMBER
BUT NOT A WHOLE LOT AND ANY ANY
TRANSPORTATION CONCERNS THAT
THE COMMISSIONERS HAVE AND IF
YOU WANT TO BE SOMETHING BEING
TAKEN AND TAKEN TO THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION,
CONTACT ME AND LET ME KNOW AND
I'LL TAKE IT THERE.
ALL RIGHTY.
THANK YOU VERY KILLER.
WE DO APPRECIATE ALL YOUR WORK
THAT YOU DO ON THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION ON
NEXT WE ARE MOVING ON TO THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN COUNCIL
FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
UPDATE WITH COMMISSIONER
MATTHEW SULLIVAN.
MATTHEW, THE FLOOR IS YOURS.
>> SO THE COMMITTEE MET LAST
WEEK ON JUNE 10TH.
UNFORTUNATELY WAS UNABLE TO
ATTEND BECAUSE OF ANOTHER
SCHEDULING CONFLICT.
I COULD NOT RESOLVE THE MEETING
MINUTES ARE USUALLY CIRCULATED
AFTER THE FACT.
I HAVE NOT YET RECEIVED THEM
BUT AS SOON AS I DO I CAN PASS
THOSE ON TO KENNEDY FOR
INCLUSION IN FUTURE MINUTES.
>> MY REGRETS AND APOLOGIES NOW
YOU'RE A BUSY MAN.
THANK YOU MATTHEW.
OH KENNEDY HAD A COMMENT NO.
OK AND THEN MATTHEW I WANTED TO
KNOW ANY UPDATE ON THE NEW
BOCHNER COMMITTEE?
DO YOU HAVE ALL YOU NEED FOR
THAT PARTICULAR COMMITTEE?
>> ARE YOU NOT SURE THAT IS NOT
SOMETHING THAT I HAVE WITHIN MY
PURVIEW SO I WOULD URGE YOU TO
WRITE DIRECTLY TO THE ADDRESS
THAT WAS PROVIDED EARLIER.
I'M SURE THEY'RE ALWAYS HAPPY
TO HAVE VOLUNTEERS BUT I DON'T
KNOW THE MAKEUP OF THE
COMMITTEE AT THIS TIME.
BUT AGAIN, LAST I HEARD THEY'RE
VERY MUCH LOOKING FOR MEMBERS
OF THE PUBLIC, MEMBERS OF THE
COMMUNITY WE'RE INTERESTED IN
SERVING SO DON'T HESITATE TO
WRITE DIRECTLY TO THOSE
ORGANIZATIONS.
>> ROGER THAT.
THANK YOU, MATTHEW.
I DO APPRECIATE IT.
AND I CAN ALSO SEND OUT ANOTHER
CALL TOO IF NEED BE, BUT I'LL
DOUBLE CHECK WITH THEM JUST TO
MAKE SURE AND THEN IF THEY NEED
MORE CANDIDATES HAPPY TO DO
THAT.
THANK YOU.
>> AWESOME.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO THE CHAIR REPORT
AND BEFORE I GIVE MY FULL
REPORT THOUGH, I WANT TO BE
ABLE TO HAND OFF THE FLOOR
BECAUSE THEY HAVE BEEN SO
PATIENT THIS AFTERNOON AND I DO
APPRECIATE THAT.
BUT THEY WERE LAST MINUTE
ADDITIONS AND I WANTED TO GIVE
THEM FULL TIME TO BE ABLE TO
PRESENT AND ALSO INFORM US ON
SOME THINGS COMING UP IN TERMS
OF SEARCHING FOR THE NEW CITY
HAD THE NEW CITY AIDS
COORDINATOR SO FOR THE
BEGINNING HALF OF MY CHAIR
REPORT I'M GOING TO GIVE THE
FLOOR TO THE DIRECTOR OF THE
OFFICE OF ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY
LAURA OR TO LAURA, THANK YOU
FOR BEING ON WITH US THIS
AFTERNOON.
>> THE FLOOR IS YOURS.
>> THANK YOU, ZACK.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
GOOD EVENING, EVERYONE.
>> I AM STOPPING BY TO UPDATE
YOU ON THE SEARCH FOR THE
ACCESSIBILITY COORDINATOR
.
WE DO HAVE A MEMBER OF THIS
COMMITTEE WHO HAS VOLUNTEERED
TO SERVE ON THE INTERVIEW
PANELS AND WE GREATLY
APPRECIATE THAT.
SO THAT POSITION IS ALL FILLED
AND I KNOW A FEW OTHERS HAVE
INQUIRED THAT OH, THEY'RE
AVAILABLE A DAY OR TWO BUT THE
H.R. POLICY IS TO HAVE ONE
INDIVIDUAL WHO IS AVAILABLE FOR
ALL OF THE INTERVIEWS BUT WE
ARE ALL SET WITH THAT AND
AGAIN, I APPRECIATE EVERYBODY'S
WILLINGNESS TO VOLUNTEER AND
STEP FORWARD AND THAT THE
INTERVIEWS ARE STARTING ON
MONDAY AND WE SHOULD BE RUNNING
THEM FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS
MAYBE THROUGH THE FIRST WEEK
OF THE FIRST FULL WEEK OF JULY
.
BUT RIGHT NOW IT LOOKS LIKE WE
MIGHT BE ABLE TO GET EVERYONE
IN IN THE NEXT TWO WEEKS AND
THEN MY HOPE IS TO HAVE A
DECISION MADE AND THE NEW
PERSON ON BOARD BY MID-JULY
IT'S A BUSY POSITION AND
RUNNING MY POSITION AND THAT
POSITION IS A LOT OF WORK AND
SO I'M ANXIOUS TO GET THE NEW
PERSON ON BOARD.
I I ALSO WANT TO LET YOU KNOW
THAT THE INTENTION WITH THAT
NEW PERSON COMING ON BOARD IS
THAT EITHER THEY OR SOMEONE
FROM THE OFFICE OF ORGANIZATION
EQUITY WILL BE ATTENDING OR
ATTEMPTING TO ATTEND THESE
MEETINGS QUARTERLY THROUGHOUT
THE YEAR AND PROVIDING YOU ALL
WITH THE THINGS THAT ARE
HAPPENING IN THE CITY AND
THROUGHOUT THE CITY THROUGH THE
OFFICE OF ORGANIZATIONAL
EQUITY.
THAT'S ALL I HAVE FOR YOU
TONIGHT.
THANK YOU AGAIN FOR HAVING ME.
>> I THANK YOU SO MUCH, FLORA
AND THANK YOU FOR ALL THE WORK
THAT YOU'RE DOING WITH THE
OFFICE OF ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY
THERE AND VERY GOOD TO HEAR
THAT THE INTERVIEW PROCESS IS
IN MOTION.
THANK YOU.
TWO COMMISSIONERS WHO HAVE
VOLUNTEERED TO SIT ON THAT
COMMITTEE FOR THE INTERVIEWS
AND VERY EXCITED TO SEE WHO
STEPS IN HAVE NO DOUBT THAT IT
WILL BE A STRONG CANDIDATE
COMING IN TO FILL THAT ROLE AND
DO GREAT THINGS.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
FOR LAURA AT THIS TIME?
COMMISSIONER CONRADE, THANK
YOU.
>> YEAH, I WAS JUST WONDERING
IF YOU COULD SAY MORE ABOUT THE
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE THAT
POSITION AND THIS COMMISSION.
SO YOU MENTIONED THAT THEY
WOULD ATTEND THESE MEETINGS
QUARTERLY.
I WAS JUST WONDERING LIKE IS
THAT ENOUGH OR ARE THERE OTHER
AVENUES IN WHICH WE CAN HAVE
FREQUENT CONTACT WITH THIS
PERSON SO THE WAY THAT THE CITY
HAS SET UP THE RELATIONSHIP
WITH WHO THE EMPLOYEES ARE FOR
THE DIFFERENT COMMISSIONS IS
THE INDIVIDUAL THAT IS YOUR
LIAISON IS KENNEDY CUMMINGS AND
SHE REPRESENTS KODAI XPAC HRC.
I BELIEVE THAT'S EVERYONE
KENNEDY I DON'T WANT TO SPEAK
FOR YOU AND THE ACCESSIBILITY
COORDINATOR THE OFFICE
OF EQUITY WE ACTUALLY PARTNER
WITH ALL COMMISSIONS IN THE
CITY AND SO WE TRY TO SCATTER
OURSELVES ABOUT AND ATTEND THEM
.
ALL THREE OF US TRY TO GO TO AS
MANY AS POSSIBLE.
WE DEFINITELY ARE WATCHING THEM
THROUGHOUT THE MONTH AND MAKING
SURE SURE WE KNOW WHAT IS
HAPPENING AND BEING SAID AND
BEING ASKED AND ALL OF THE
COMMISSIONS.
SO IF THERE'S EVER QUESTIONS OR
NEEDS I FEEL FREE TO REACH OUT
TO KENNEDY OR COUNCIL MEMBER
KARZI EDWYN AND ZACK.
YOU KNOW WE'RE ALL IN
COMMUNICATION WITH ONE ANOTHER
.
>> THANK YOU.
YEAH, THEY GET ME I THINK THE
MAIN POINTS YOU WANT TO SPEAK
FOR YOU, LAURA, BUT JUST TO
MAKE SURE THAT YOU KNOW, WIRES
DON'T GET CROSSED AND THEN WE
USE THE APPROPRIATE CHANNELS TO
KIND OF INQUIRE AND THEN YEAH,
IF THERE ARE THINGS THAT, YOU
KNOW, WE WANT TO BRING FORWARD
THAT YOU KNOW, WE KNOW THAT OUR
COUNCIL LIAISON IS THERE FOR WE
KNOW THAT KENNEDY IS THERE FOR
US AS WELL AND THAT WE AS A
FULL COMMISSION KIND
OF COLLECTIVELY COMMUNICATE
WHAT WE'RE LOOKING TO TO
INQUIRE AND AND THIS IS I
CHAGOSSIAN I THINK ALSO TO JUST
YOU KNOW, I APPRECIATE THE
QUESTION.
I THINK THAT SOME OF THESE, YOU
KNOW, ACCESSIBILITY NEEDS TO
INVOLVE EVERYONE AND SOME
OF THE CONCERNS THAT WE BRING
UP AT THIS MEETING, FOR
EXAMPLE, TODAY AROUND
SIDEWALKS, A COMPREHENSIVE PLAN
COULD BE THINGS THAT THEY HELP
WITH.
AND I KNOW, LAURA, THAT YOU ARE
MORE THAN WILLING TO ALSO
PROVIDE KIND OF A REPORT THAT I
CAN ALSO COMMUNICATE ON BEHALF
OF OF THAT PERSON ABOUT WHAT
THEY'RE WORKING ON.
I THINK JUST HAVING THAT BRIDGE
BETWEEN THE COMMISSION AND THE
ROLE WILL BE IMPORTANT IN
CREATING THOSE KIND
OF COMMUNICATION AVENUES.
>> YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
AND MAKING THOSE CONNECTIONS IN
THOSE DEPARTMENTS TO RIGHT.
>> WE EXACTLY MAKE SURE YEP.
>> THAT THERE'S THERE'S ALL
OF THOSE CONNECTIONS AND YOU
ALL ARE NOT RELYING ON ONE
PERSON OR ONE OFFICE BECAUSE
RIGHT.
YOU KNOW AS YOU SAY EQUITY
BELONGS EVERYWHERE AND SO DOES
ACCESSIBILITY.
>> RIGHT.
AND I THINK ONE THING THAT WE
STRUGGLE WITH IS LIKE
EVERYTHING FEELS VERY REACTIVE
.
RIGHT.
LIKE WE WANT TO CHANGE THE
CULTURE AND WE WANT TO WORK
WITH YOUR OFFICE IN THIS ROLE
TO FIGURE OUT HOW DO WE PUT
ACCESSIBILITY AT THE FOREFRONT
IN EVERY MEETING ABOUT EVERY
POLICY ISSUE ABOUT TRAFFIC,
ABOUT SIDEWALKS, ABOUT HOW
ABOUT EVERYTHING INFRASTRUCTURE
DEVELOPMENT BECAUSE LIKE IT'S
IT CAN'T BE OUR JOB AND IT
WON'T BE DONE WELL IT'S JUST US
TRYING TO CATCH THINGS THAT ARE
FALLING THROUGH THE CRACKS.
>> SO YES, SO THAT CAN BE A
BIGGER CONVERSATION POTENTIALLY
FOR ANOTHER TIME AND MAYBE PART
OF OUR KIND OF STRATEGIC PLAN
EVEN AS A COMMISSION I'M
PLANNING YEAH.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON, YOU HAVE
A COMMENT AND THEN I HAVE ONE
FINAL COMMENT MORE IN THE
NATURE OF A QUESTION ALTHOUGH I
WOULD LIKE TO AMPLIFY THE POINT
THAT COUNCILPERSON EDWIN RAISED
ABOUT A GENERAL FEELING OF THAT
ARE OFTEN PUT IN A REACTIVE
POSITION ON THIS COMMISSION
RATHER THAN BEING PART OF THE
GROUNDWORK OR THE EARLY
DISCUSSIONS.
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME HEARING
THAT KENNEDY IS A KIND
OF LIAISON WITH POTENTIALLY
WITH ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY.
SO I'M JUST TRYING TO GET
CLARITY ON WHAT THAT WORKFLOW
WHAT THAT KIND OF PROCESS WOULD
LOOK LIKE TO USE KENNEDY I
GUESS AGAIN NEW TO ME AS A
BRIDGE TO SOME OF THESE OTHER
ENTITIES IN THE ANN ARBOR CITY
STRUCTURE
.
YEAH, THIS IS ZACH.
YOU KNOW, I CAN SPEAK A LITTLE
BIT TO THAT SO SO BASICALLY
MATTHEW, WE'RE JUST TRYING TO
STREAMLINE COMMUNICATION AND
WHAT I TOLD WHAT I WAS TOLD
RECENTLY IS THAT IT'S BEST TO
EITHER GO THROUGH KENNEDY OR AT
THE VERY LEAST GO THROUGH OUR
COUNCIL LIAISON COUNCIL MEMBER
EDWIN WYK.
YOU KNOW, UNIFY MY QUESTION OR
ISSUES THAT WE WOULD LIKE TO
BRING FORWARD AND SO THAT THAT
IS YOU KNOW, THE MORE SPECIFIC
ANSWER THAT THAT I CAN GIVE IN
TERMS OF GOING FORWARD INTO THE
FALL IS THE YOU KNOW IS THAT WE
WANT THE COMMUNICATION YOU
STREAMLINED SO THAT IT'S NOT
LIKE EACH COMMISSIONER IS
REACHING OUT TO ALL DIFFERENT
FACTIONS OF OF THE CITY AND AND
YOU KNOW, THINGS ARE GETTING
COMPARTMENTALIZED.
>> SO WITH THE IDEA THAT THIS
WOULD SORT OF FALL UNDER NEW
BUSINESS IF THE COMMISSION HAD
A CONCERN OR A SPECIFIC ISSUE
THAT THEY WANTED TO LIAISE WITH
ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY FOR
INSTANCE, THAT THAT WE WOULD
CREATE NEW BUSINESS AND THEN
THAT WOULD GET TRANSMITTED
THROUGH COMMUNITY.
>> I'M JUST A LITTLE CONFUSED
ABOUT PROTOCOL.
YEAH, I MEAN TO MY KNOWLEDGE
THAT'S THAT'S WHAT I WAS UNDER
THE IMPRESSION ON.
I REALLY WOULD LIKE TO KNOW TOO
IF YOU KNOW LIKE IF OTHERS FROM
THE OFFICE OF OUR
ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY CAN
ATTEND MORE FREQUENTLY IN THE
FUTURE SO THAT WE CAN, YOU
KNOW, HAVE MORE OF A RAPPORT SO
THAT WE DON'T NECESSARILY, YOU
KNOW, KIND OF HAVE TO WAIT ON A
RESPONSE FOR DIFFERENT THINGS
BECAUSE THERE ARE THINGS THAT
CAN COME UP LAST MINUTE.
BUT AGAIN, THAT'S I DON'T SPEAK
FOR DIFFERENT DEPARTMENTS.
I JUST HOPE THAT THAT CAN BE A
CONSIDERATION COUNCIL MEMBER
AND WHEN YOU HAVE YOUR HAND UP
THIS IS I SHOULD SAY IT TAKES A
MINUTE.
>> YEAH, I THINK THAT IF THAT
IS SOMETHING LAURA
, THAT COULD
BE CONSIDERED BECAUSE ONE
OF THE OTHER THINGS I'M
THINKING ABOUT TOO IS JUST THE
DUPLICATION IN THE SYSTEM LIKE
THERE HAVE BEEN TIMES WHERE FOR
EXAMPLE, COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ
WHEN YOU WERE CAME TO COUNCIL
YOU TALKED ABOUT THAT ISSUE
ABOUT THE MARKINGS
OF ACCESSIBLE PARKING SPACES
NOT BEING VISIBLE IN THE
PARKING LOT AND ALSO THE AISLES
AS WELL.
AND THEN I WAS WORKING ON IT.
BUT THEN I ALSO FOUND OUT TRACY
WAS WORKING ON IT AND ANOTHER
COUNCIL MEMBER WAS WORKING ON
IT.
>> SO I WAS WORKING ON IT,
LARRY.
YOU WERE WORKING ON IT.
AND SO I'M ALSO WONDERING ABOUT
LIKE HOW DO WE BUILD RAPPORT
WHETHER IT'S SOMEONE ATTENDING
MORE FREQUENTLY OR WHATEVER IT
IS.
SO THERE ISN'T LIKE DUPLICATION
IN SYSTEMS OR WHATNOT.
YEAH, I MEAN AND THAT'S ONE
OF THE QUESTIONS THAT ARE ONE
OF THE LAST COMMENTS THAT I
ACTUALLY HAD.
COUNCILMAN WAS LAURA I WAS JUST
GOING TO ASK YOU AND PLEASE
NOTE THESE ARE JUST QUESTIONS
NOT AN ORAL EXAM OR ANYTHING
BUT I I JUST WANTED TO KNOW YOU
KNOW, ONCE THE CITY AND
COORDINATOR IS SELECTED, WILL
THEY HAVE AN AUDIENCE WITH US?
WILL THEY BE INTRODUCED TO US
IN SORT OF A FORMAL SETTING AND
THEN YOU KNOW, YEAH.
WOULD BE SOMEONE FROM YOUR
OFFICE THAT COULD ATTEND YOU
KNOW, OUR OUR MEETINGS MORE
FREQUENTLY BECAUSE AS IT STANDS
RIGHT NOW AND I'M JUST STATING
OR FOR THE THE FACTS IS THAT
YOU IT'S IN THE JOB DESCRIPTION
OF THE CITY AREA COORDINATOR TO
ATTEND KODAI MEETINGS.
SO I JUST I JUST WANT TO MAKE
SURE THAT SOMEBODY FROM THAT
OFFICE CAN ATTEND
.
THIS IS ANNIKA CONRADE AGAIN.
I ALSO THINK TO THAT AND I
DON'T KNOW IF THROUGH THE
COORDINATOR THIS IS NECESSARILY
THE APPROPRIATE ROUTE BUT I
OFTEN FEEL LIKE I TOOK
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON'S POINT
AND THAT YOU KNOW, WE REALLY
DON'T WANT TO ALWAYS BE IN A
REACTIONARY POSITION AND PART
OF THAT MEANS THAT WE NEED TO
KNOW LIKE WHAT'S WHAT'S GOING
ON AND EVEN THINGS THAT AREN'T
LIKE VERY OBVIOUSLY DISABILITY
ISSUES OR OBVIOUSLY
ACCESSIBILITY ISSUES WE CAN
BRING ISSUES FROM OUR OWN
PERSONAL EXPERIENCE IN
CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNITY.
BUT IT WOULD BE USEFUL I THINK
TO HAVE A BETTER SENSE OF LIKE
WHAT ARE THE THINGS GOING ON A
POLICY LEVEL FROM THE CITY
PERSPECTIVE THAT MAY NOT
OBVIOUSLY BE CONCERNS FOR THIS
COMMISSION BUT WE COULD OFFER
INSIGHT INTO REGARDING
DISABILITY AND ACCESSIBILITY SO
I CAN SPEAK TO THE ABSOLUTELY I
WILL BE INTRODUCING THE NEW
INDIVIDUAL AND MAKING CERTAIN
THAT THEY ARE BROUGHT TO THE
COUNCIL AND COMFORTABLE AND
SUPPORTING THEM AS I DID WITH
TRACY MAKING CERTAIN THAT THEY
KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING AND
SPEAKING AS WE ONBOARD THEM AS
A COMMUNITY, AS FAR AS BUILDING
COALITION, I AM ABSOLUTELY HERE
FOR THAT AND COUNCIL MEMBER
BAZZY EDWYN AND COMMISSIONER
AND I HAD A CONVERSATION
YESTERDAY AND I FEEL LIKE WE
ARE ON A GOOD PATH TO CONTINUE
TO HAVE THOSE CONVERSATIONS AND
THE OPPORTUNITY TO BRING THINGS
THAT ARE HAPPENING IN THE CITY
WE ARE AS INFORMED ABOUT A LOT
OF THINGS AS COUNCIL MEMBER
GHAZI EDWYN IS AND IS
COMMISSIONER DAYMAN.
YOU KNOW WE WE ARE ONE OFFICE
THREE IN A VERY LARGE STRUCTURE
SO WE DO WHAT WE CAN AND WE ARE
CONTINUING TO ATTEMPT TO
SYSTEMATIZE OURSELF AS COUNCIL
MEMBER GAZY AND WHEN DISCUSSED
IN BEING IN THE BEGINNING
RATHER THAN THE MIDDLE OR WHEN
THINGS ARE BROUGHT UP AND YOU
WERE IT'S A NEW POSITION STILL
AND WE'RE ALSO WORKING THROUGH
WHAT IS THE BEST WAY TO SUPPORT
THE ENTIRE COMMUNITY
OF THANK
YOU OR I APPRECIATE THAT
COMMISSIONER SALIMAN, YOU HAVE
YOUR HAND UP JUST WISHING TO
UNDERSCORE THE IMPORTANCE
OF CONTINUITY, THE ROLE THAT
TRACY BIRD THAT FORMERLY PLAYED
THAT CONTINUITY I THINK WAS
QUITE HELPFUL AND JUST WANTING
TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU KNOW,
THAT CONTINUITY IS KEPT UP AND
ESPECIALLY TO HEAR IF THIS IS
IN FACT PART OF A PARTICULAR
JOB DESCRIPTION WANTING TO MAKE
SURE THAT THAT IS HONORED.
MR. CHAIR, MS.
YES, LARRY.
GO AHEAD, LARRY.
AND REMEMBER, ED, WHEN YOU'LL
BE AFTER YOU HAD YOUR HAND.
>> I DID.
I'M SORRY.
I JUST I JUST HAVE A
HOUSEKEEPING THING WHICH ONE
OF US COMMISSIONERS I'M
ASSUMING THAT COMMISSIONER
THAT'S GOING TO THIS TO THE
MEETINGS IS GOING TO BE YOU IS
THIS CORRECT?
>> IS IT I SAY THAT IS RIGHT.
I REPLIED TO THE I REPLIED TO
THE KENNEDY'S EMAIL AND I JUST
WANT TO MAKE SURE IT WAS NOT ME
SO I DID MISS YOU KNOW SO I
DIDN'T MISS SOMETHING THAT
SHOULD HAVE BEEN TOO UNDERSTOOD
.
AND JUST TO CLARIFY FOLKS, I AM
UNAVAILABLE TO BE A PART
OF THAT HIRING COMMITTEE AT
THIS TIME SO WE'LL BE AT
DIFFERENT COMMISSIONER AND IT
IS THAT COMMISSIONER KEELER OK
,IT IS THAT MEAN THAT I GUESS
I DID REPLY TO MY OWN TIMES
BETTER THAT I DIDN'T HEAR
ANYTHING ABOUT THE COMMISSIONER
RESPECTS LIKE OK THAT I
REMEMBER TOO THAT IT WAS NOT
WAS IT WASN'T ME.
>> I APPRECIATE THAT COUNCIL
MEMBER ED, WHEN DID YOU HAVE A
COMMENT AT ALL?
>> OH, JUST ONE FINAL THING
THAT I'LL SAY AS WELL.
>> I APPRECIATE YOU SHARING
ABOUT SO SOME OF THE SOME
OF THE THINGS THAT I CAN DO
AROUND POLICY JUST LIKE
DECISIONS ARE YOU KNOW, I CAN
DEFINITELY SHARE AN ONGOING
POLICY ISSUES AND THEN THERE
ARE THINGS STAFF THIS IS A THIS
IS A CITY WHERE STAFF IN THE
CITY ADMINISTER OR DOES AND A
LOT OF INITIATIVES AND THEN
WHEN POLICY DECISIONS COME TO
COUNCIL WE GET INVOLVED.
THERE'S THINGS THAT THE STAFF
LEVEL INTERNALLY THAT ARE
HAPPENING THAT I MAY NOT HAVE
AS MUCH KNOWLEDGE OF AND I
THINK THAT'S WHERE YOU'VE
AGREED TO WE'RE LIKE YOU'VE
SAID WE'VE TALKED ABOUT THIS
AND JUST BUILDING SOME PATHWAYS
FOR COMMUNICATION AND THEN I
CAN SHARE OR IF YOU DECIDE
SOMEONE FROM YOUR OFFICE CAN
COME I THINK THAT WOULD BE THAT
WOULD BE A GREAT
ABSOLUTELY.
>> YEAH.
THANK YOU.
I THINK JUST HAVING A GOOD
RAPPORT AND YOU KNOW,
ESTABLISHING SORT OF YOU KNOW,
A GOOD REGULAR PRESENCE AND I
THINK THAT WOULD BE BENEFICIAL
,YOU KNOW, EVEN IF THERE YOU
KNOW, ISN'T NECESSARILY A LOT
TO REPORT ON.
I THINK IT'S STILL, YOU KNOW,
NICE TO BE AT THE MEETINGS LIVE
AND IF THERE IS DISCUSSION THAT
ORGANIZATION EQUITY HAS
KNOWLEDGE ON AND THEY CAN SAY
OH NO, I KNOW ABOUT THIS I KNOW
THIS RESOURCE, YOU KNOW, THEN I
THINK THAT CAN BE HELPFUL JUST
MY OPINION
.
ALL RIGHT, IF THERE'S NOT
ANYTHING ELSE ON THIS TOPIC,
I'M GOING TO BE CONDUCIVE
OF TIME AND JUST FINISH UP MY
CHAIR REPORT IF I MAY.
SO AS THE DISABILITY NETWORK
ALLUDED TO.
OK, GO AHEAD, LARRY.
DID YOU HAVE A COMMENT?
>> OH, I HAD DONE I DIDN'T
THINK AS A DISABILITY NETWORK
ALLUDED TO THEY DO HAVE THEIR
ADA CELEBRATION.
I HOPE ALL OF US CAN ATTEND
THAT COMING UP.
ALSO I WANTED TO MAKE US AWARE
THAT ALL OF US ARE INVITED TO
THE SECOND MILLER FAMILY OPEN
TRACK AND FIELD MEET ON JUNE
TWENTY EIGHTH TWENTY TWENTY
FIVE THAT'S BEING PUT ON BY THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN ADAPTIVE
SPORTS AND FITNESS PROGRAM THAT
IS GOING TO BE AT THE UM TRACK
AND FIELD STADIUM MOST OF THE
DAY.
I BELIEVE THAT EVENTS ARE GOING
TO BE STARTING AROUND NINE
THIRTY SPECTATORS ARE FREE TO
ENJOY FREE ICE CREAM AND OTHER
GIVEAWAYS FROM THE SUPPORTERS.
IT IS GOING TO BE A HOT DAY
THAT DAY.
BUT I HAVE TO TELL YOU FROM MY
EXPERIENCE LAST YEAR IT WAS AN
AMAZING EVENT.
I GOT TO MEET TO MEET SOME
INCREDIBLE DECEPTIVE ATHLETES
FROM ALL AROUND THE COUNTRY AND
EVEN SOME PARALYMPIC ATHLETES
THAT WERE ON TEAM USA AND IT
WAS NICE TO ENJOY SOME GOOD
COLD ICE CREAM ON A HOT DAY.
SO I KNOW NOT EVERYONE CAN
ATTEND BUT I REALLY ENCOURAGE
OUR COMMISSIONERS TO SUPPORT
THE ADAPTIVE TRACK AND FIELD
TEAM AS WELL AS UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN ADAPTIVE SPORTS AND
FITNESS AND I WILL MAKE SURE
THAT THAT INFORMATION GETS
FORWARDED TO ALL OF US AND THEN
I ALSO WANTED TO ENCOURAGE
ALL
OF US TO ATTEND ANOTHER EVENT
COMING UP IF I MAY DO JUST SOME
SHAMELESS PROMOTION.
SO AS YOU GUYS KNOW, I AM A
FILMMAKER AND AND PRODUCER BY
TRADE AND SO MY MOST RECENT
DOCUMENTARY THAT I DID FOR THE
ANN ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY
ENTITLED BRAZILIAN'S REVEALED
IN HARBORS DISABILITY LEGACY
WHICH IS A FILM THAT I'VE
WORKED ON FOR THE PAST YEAR
THAT IS HAVING A PRETTY
PREMIERE SMALL CASUAL EVENT AND
PREMIERE ON SUNDAY JULY TWENTY
SEVENTH AT SIX P.M. AT THE
NARBOROUGH DOWNTOWN LIBRARY ON
FIFTH AVENUE.
IT IS A VERY EXCITING FILM AND
I HAVE TO TELL YOU IT FEATURES
SOME GREAT INTERVIEWS WITH, YOU
KNOW, SOME STARS OF THE FILM
EVEN THAT ARE AT OUR MEETING
TODAY.
SO VERY EXCITED FOR THAT AND I
HOPE ALL OF YOU CAN MOSEY ON
OVER TO THE LIBRARY TO SEE IT
AND JUST TO LET YOU KNOW IF YOU
CAN'T MAKE IT OVER TO THE
LIBRARY FOR THAT EVENT WHICH I
WILL SEND ALONG THE DETAILS,
PLEASE KNOW THAT THERE POSSIBLY
WILL BE A LARGER SCREENING
EVENT IN THE FALL.
HOPEFULLY AT THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
BUT WE ARE IN THE PLANNING
PHASES FOR THAT.
OTHER THAN THAT THAT IS ALL I
HAVE.
BUT I JUST WANT TO WISH ALL
OF OUR COMMISSIONER AND
EVERYONE ON OUR COMMISSION AN
AMAZING SUMMER.
IT IS A PLEASURE AND AN HONOR
TO SERVE WITH ALL OF YOU AND I
HOPE THAT WE ALL ENJOY OUR
SUMMER AND THAT IS MY CHAIR
REPORT.
>> SO NEXT HOUR MOVING ON TO
ANY OLD BUSINESS KENNEDY DO WE
HAVE ANY OLD BUSINESS TODAY?
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I THOUGHT I WAS UNMUTED
CURRENTLY AT THIS TIME WE DON'T
HAVE ANY OLD BUSINESS
COMMISSIONERS' IS THERE ANY OLD
BUSINESS AT THIS TIME?
COMMISSIONER JUST WANT TO KNOW
WHAT TIME THAT SCREENING WAS.
COULD YOU REPEAT THE TIME?
>> YES, ABSOLUTELY.
THAT WILL BE AT SIX PM EASTERN
TIME.
THANK THANKS SO MUCH.
YES.
>> SEE NO OLD BUSINESS WE HAVE
THAT THANK YOU KNOW OLD
BUSINESS MOVING ON TO NEW
BUSINESS.
DO WE HAVE ANY NEW BUSINESS AT
THIS TIME?
>> ALL RIGHT.
APPARENTLY WE HAVE NO NEW
BUSINESS COMMISSIONERS' AT THIS
TIME.
>> IS THERE ANY NEW BUSINESS
BEING DONE?
>> WE HAVE NO NEW BUSINESS.
THANK YOU, KENNEDY.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING TO ANY COMMUNIQU FOLKS
ANY OTHER BROAD COMMUNICATIONS
FOR THE COMMISSION BEFORE WE
OFFICIALLY BREAK FOR SUMMER
RECESS.
>> KENNEDY I JUST WANTED TO
WISH EVERYBODY A HAPPY
JUNETEENTH TOMORROW THE CITY
WILL BE CLOSED FOR THE HOLIDAY
AND I JUST WANTED TO SAY HAPPY
JUNETEENTH.
YES, HAPPY JUNETEENTH.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU, KENNEDY.
ALL RIGHT WITH THAT IT IS FIVE
FORTY FIVE AND DO WE HAVE A
MOTION TO ADJOURN?
>> I WOULD MOVE TO ADJOURN.
YOU MOVE TO ADJOURN.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
>> IS THERE A SECOND AISLE
SECOND THANK YOU LAURIE.
>> ALL IN FAVOR OF ADJOURNING
THIS MEETING JUNE 18TH AT FIVE
FORTY FIVE PLEASE UNMUTED SAY I
I.
>> ALL RIGHT, LET ME GET THE
SCHOOLS OUT FOR THE SUMMER IN
THE WORDS OF ALICE COOPER, YOU
GUYS HAVE A GOOD ONE.
THANK YOU.
TO THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR, TO
SEATON AND ALL OF YOU AND WE
WILL SEE YOU IN SEPTEMBER